I do actually hit blank walls a lot of times but i get by
it's quite strange that you didnt imagine it
What do you mean it hasn't been easy? How close have you come to cheating? 
Yes but if you stay calm it will be ok.
Well pleased. You should be having brains,man!That's a tough course,i hear.
I am sorry to hear that. I hope it turned out to be a blessing in decise.
Wow, I am sorry to hear that, I wish I could make it a better holiday for you!
Sometimes in life, it is not about performance. Some people just get a shiner spoon.
Their aren't that many well rounded people in the world these days so when you see one you should always show appreciation! 
Oh no , sorry to hear that happened to you :(
So happy everyone was fine!! Everything else can be fixed.
It was very tense. The other game with England and Sweden was not nearly as nerve-wracking.
Sorry to hear that. I hope you find what is the problem with the engine.
The problem is I don't think you can grew out of my specific insecurity.
Oh, I see. No, I've never done that.
I have a ton of backyard space that we have plans for. Camping would be a fun one.
That sounds great. What are you most excited for? 
I can understand. I am not a big drinker myself, but I wouldn't feel guilty about it.  Not unless you promised someone you wouldn't drink.
Yeah maybe that was a good decision that you made. 
I had to buy my first car and it wasn't until I was 21 that I could afford it. 
That is good, I am glad you have no regrets!
I'm not familiar with him where is he from
That's too bad. Our janitor is very friendly.
The mother of your grand mother ,that means your great grand mother ! Well you can search through her archives
I could see that happening but sounds like you were super brave.
I live near the ocean, so I do understand how this can be. I hope you ran, very quickly.
Lol. I take away my daughters now. I guess my mom passed the torch.
Wow that sounds like a terrible friend.  I hope he had a good reason for not showing up.
Ah ok. Good you stayed committed to your wife.
That is awesome, thanks for taking the time to help kids grasp a new language! You deserve to be appreciated, but I'm sure they appreciate you a lot.
Absolutely, it's a chapter of your life and as long as you have those memories they live on through those memories.
Hopefully you were able to get the ice cream that you wanted in the following days.
That's some bad luck. I hope it wasn't too much of a hassle.
I agree with that for sure. 
What sweet memories to hold on to.
I've done that to myself before. Now I always wait awhile to sleep after eating.
Oh No, well glad to see you are here still! 
That's very bad
We all deserve to treat ourselves every now and then.
Exactly. Hopefully more places will get self-checkout so we can get through the line faster. 
or hire more people maybe also
I understand, that must suck
Thats true, but I hope some good luck comes your way soon..
wow!! wonderful isn't!! you would have been over the moon once you moved..
I am sure that threw a wrench in your plans. How frustrating!
oh nice, im afraid the most asian food that i like is fortune cookies
Oh no. Hopefully everybody gets back to normal soon.
Oh no. The shower is the plus side to all the dirt I guess. I once found a snake digging a hole to plant a flower. I quit that day.
That's definitely better than nothing. I hope your days have been better since!
My daughter is 1.5 years old - shes just been introduced to the water.. its always so special when our babies have their "first" moments. Congrats mama! 
You should still speak to him about your concerns.
Well then I guess you should have went and checked to see if anyone was hurt. I hope you called a ambulance.
I guess you rolled all the windows down too and held your breath
When my first daugther was born! i saw in new life, i thought everything in the world can change, we need to be pure as kids.
that's very good! Always nice to find those old lost items.  
Of course right, I would try angies list or homeadvisor! They can find you a new one...
Things you do usually come back to you . 
Sounds rather special to me! Out of the country or to another state? 
Funny one ha ha
That should be funny to see and hear
Well I hope you two can talk it out, express your feelings and work it out together! Friendship is hard to come by these days... 
Wow. I have never neen that far! I have been to the Caribbean though.
Im glad you have such good friends in your life, it makes life easier. 
If they have a heart or soul they will! They really should...
Well at least you get something to look forward too at work.
They do put out good movies most of the time. I will try and check it out. 
I have heard that too. You might want to contact your local district.
I hope you get lots and lots! 
Maybe consider looking for a new job in the meantime? Never hurts to stay ahead.. 
Ahh that has happened to everyone before. It is embarrassing but you will get over it.
Wow. I would've freaked. I can't even have all of the lights out in my apartment.
I'm sure you will sell it soon! 3 months is not such a long time
Ah ok Congratulation
You should report him. Anonymously. You should't have to deal with that every day.
That's good, I'm glad it wasn't serious.
I know the feeling. I hate driving now. Everyone is looking in their phone.
Thank god! LOL I was like please tell me this was a positive experience... 
I think the same really. Making sure everything is paid off, having a roof over your head, etc... is what most people would want to take caer of first.
Awesome, that's the best way to go into exam. I'm sure you'll do great!
That is good
Well, at the time I was holding out for a similar paying job like I had before but I could not find one and I ended up working fast food. I had to downsize my place as well.
yes, i understand. sometimes you just get a gut feeling that something isn't right
I hear ya.. I hope you find one soon... wishing you all of the best! 
Lol. Poor Max. I bet sometimes dogs wished the spoke English for that very reason.
Im sorry to hear that sometimes people grow apart. You should try to throw a party and see who comes.
you can't go wrong with some grilled food :) burgers, wings, hot dogs 
Going to have to burn the whole house down now, and move... LOL just joking! 
Hopefully it might be reconsidered later on.
Well glad they didnt freak out on you, some people arent as understanding. I bet it was pricey. 
Well I just bought a great bathing suit that covers up all the extras but still shows a little skin and makes me feel good. Maybe that will work for you.
People say it gets easier. I'm still waiting for that part.
Oh god.. give it a few days and then try to sort it out! 
That really sucks.. i guess all you can do is get a metal type of fence or maybe one with spikes! ( lol ) 
I've been in the same place. DC and then its neighbor, MD.
two younger ones. They only call when they want something. my older sister is the same. I'm the good one.
Exes are exes for a reason I guess lol.
Haven't tried that yet, but I have heard of it. I will check it out. thanks !
That's pretty terrible. Thirty minutes in a day pretty much just commuting one way. School is already tough.
Cakes! yessss winning. :) 
Thats horrible. Sorry to hear.
That seriously sounds like the best birthday ever... i hope you guys have an awesome time. 
Im glad you are ok, How is your community.
I am studying Criminal Justice now. Hopefully I will be done soon.
Happy Birthday! Well, you can order out of course. 
That is understanable, I would be the same way.
Go to a walking path or park. Maybe to a dog park also. 
I wonder how they get all the way to the road away from the other turtles!
Usually moving your body helps but it depends on her situation... i would get a 2nd opinion!
Im glad you are ok. Some of those are poisonous and can kill.
Very inspirational story. They make good money too.
That's good thinking. I hope you won't get too many who are afraid!
Well, you never know. It's nice to think what you can do with the money though.
That's really sweet of them. Must've been a big party.
It really doesnt.. i had to put my dog to sleep and it was extremely painful. I really hope that he can rest without pain and that you can feel better soon.. 
Some would consider it cheating if you did not tell them.
So you can ride in style for free. Sounds fair to me.. until you get yours! :) 
I don't. My apartment won't allow, but we are moving soon I hope to get a cat.
I like to try different types of food from other places too. Then try to make them later on.
OMG!!!!! That sounds amazing! Its going to be epic. I hope you have a great time. 
Wow. Home selling can be tough. I hope that debt clears up real soon!
I would be so scared to move to a new place. I commend you. It'll get better
Just a small fake one. Some people get really into decorating. I don't really like it. 
Aw thats good! Im glad you still had a good time. 
How sweet! I hope someone throws me one one day.
I know what you mean. I miss being little myself. 
Did you finally find it
I get it.. but you know life really is too short.. i think you should try to reach out! Do it! :) 
Oh is it and action movie.
Im sorry to hear that. Maybe you should contact your HR and see what your options are
There you go! Thats awesome.. i really wish we had a garage. lol lucky!
OF course. Pets are family.
That is a very nice thing to do, I wish I could do more to help.
Yeah a real pain honestly... im sorry that happened to you. :/ 
Yeah
Really? I don't recall that at all. I remember them choking. I could be wrong.
Wow! You are crazy, ha ha - i probably would have had a panic attack at 90MPH. :p
Yes my dad taught me also.
Dont feel that way... theres someone out there for everyone. Give it a try. :) 
That is good to hear! Yeah situations like that can be really alarming.
i slept in my mom's room because i was always afraid of the dark
That isn't nice.
i slept with a light on for a couple of night lol
I remember throwing food over and watching them catch it as a kid.
That is so sweet. Give him twenty dollars. 
i understand. maybe next time you shouldn't cheay
Yes. I have lost my grandma.
I'm happy that you are still here as well! Think of the alternative :(
Maybe we are ghosts.
Texas is a great place! But I can understand the need to want to be prepared.
Cool. What kind of car.
You should tell someone.
Sure, That's sounds like a real plan. lol
yes, i can see how it can bbe annoying
I love candy.
I did not know you had a 4.0! How do your parents feel about that.
I hope you get it!
Hope you don't end up in court.
Did your friend do something bad? Why were they looking for them
That should be fun.
you miss your buddy, huh
I do not like Krystals.
Oh wow, thats impressive but I don't blame you for forgetting lines then since there were probably tons.
You might want to talk to a financial adviser about it.
I'm sure everyone has lost something. They're just probably glad it wasn't them.
ME too. She wasn't the right one obviously. Sucks to have put in so much time though
What? It's ending? I heard he hasn't yet finished the books.
I love Memphis.
A guess an A would've been nice then since you worked so hard.
Fingers crossed, I hope the presentation goes well.
She's a lucky lady!
Just remember that means it was most likely for the best that she did ghost you, you wouldn't want to be with someone like that anyways.
Sounds yummy! Thats a good choice. Have a great time. 
So a dwayne rock.
I would be proud of him also.
Well, no use crying over silled milk I say.
I hope you find a job, good luck!
Absolutely, it is one of my biggest pet peeves, especially when people accuse me of lying too.
Yea, recently I have been trying to decide whether or not I want to mute my girlfriend on social media or not, like not block her, just mute her.  Because it bothers me how she acts single on social media, and it confuses me as to whether she wants to be with me, or is just trying to live a different personality online.  Because she talks to me and is all lovey-dovey, then gets on social media and talks like "I don't need anyone" and talks about how hot guys are.  And it leaves me so stuck and with the worst anxiety.
Never once? Damn, no wonder you were so shocked by it!
I hope not. My friends cat left for two weeks once. she came back hungry, but she was fine.
Keep on the lookout and talk to realtors. They usually hear of good places first
Thats great. Where did you go.
I'm sure it won't be, most people die of old age around their friends and family in a peaceful way so just hope for that.
Nice, I hope they do well this season.
Teenagers are awful! I am really looking forward to my daughter becoming a teenager....not.
Makes sense. I don't want any more bills until my kids are in school. Daycare is very expensive.
That's terrible. There are so many things to be afraid of when you're pregnant!
Do you have friends around? Go to a bar and meet some friends!
That is amazing that it was not torn down or remodeled.  They seem to throw way too many buildings away these days.
That type of stuff always makes me so angry, since it's so clearly favoritism and hypocrisy and they just don't care one bit.
Me neither.  But I agree with your sentiment - it is a great place to live and be a part of!
Yes. Grandkids would be fun.
I think if you stay calm you'll do fine.
That's something at least. I hope they catch him.
It doesn't mean you are fat or overweight. Everyone is different.
Are you from New York area. I'm a little farther south, but I do like them for sure. 
Yes. They underpay.
I see. Well, maybe the weather is calling for some in the near future? I like sunshine, but know we need some rain too, hope you get some soon.
i'm sorry to hear that!
Sorry to hear, I really hope that it doesn't cost to much to fix that up.
That's really odd, and unfortunate. Thankfully there are many more girls that would match you better :) Don't lose hope!
I know what that feels like. It must have been exciting! 
I am sorry to hear that. Flying is never easy, especially when you feel that stressed
Understandable, it must have been very unexpected!
I love playing video games, I am sure he really enjoyed that, even I would have!
I'm sorry you're having to go through that, I hope you're able to sell the home for a better price.
Yes I agree, it really signifies the start of their next chapter in life.
That must have been a burden lifted for sure!
Very true, well hopefully you get some anyway! 
I hope you he changes some so you can still be friends. 
it is :( i don't know how is it possible to cheat on someone you love
Then you should have no problems at all!
i'm so glad you did'nt get hurt
Those are great titles. I am a big Nintendo fan. I can't wait for the new Metroid Prime.
I heard they were doing great before the loss though, hope you at least got to see them in some good matches.
I can imagine. Well atleast you can look back and laugh it off as one of 'those' days!
I feel bad, I hope you find someone who treats you even better!
That sounds like what I would have done too
I was very close to mine. They are like parents but more fun.
Wow that is sad, I hope you get that fixed
Oh I see, well that's still nice!
That is so great, I hope you have found some healing and closure to the difficulties it caused when you were younger. 
I can understand that. It's hard to say goodbye to a friend, I hope you can stay in contact with him.
That might be a good idea, even if just to clear you conscience of the guilt.
Thats terrible, at least he wasnt a puppy I guess.
I mean you said he barely passed it though. Must have been slim pickings when it came to giving out the sholarships.
Oh, nicely done, thats impressive!
I bet that is a terrible feeling of betrayal. Friends should be more trustworthy. 
I'm glad to hear it turned out okay.
Do you have any lasting damage? 
Strange they ask you to pay for college, but offer few choices.
Yeah, it's a good thing that you have a lot of time for other more important things now.
Although I still deal with stress occasionally, I know exactly what you mean. 
I can see that, i had my first beer at 13 due to my brother but knew it was wrong at my age.
Remember that the universe has a perfect timing for everything. Being with someone isn't everything, be comfortable and enjoy your own company and love will come when you least expect it :) 
That is surprising. Usually these things are a popularity contest.
I get that, but it was bound to happn at some point
that was the right move!
Sounds like it, Good for you guys!
Well thats one way to get your kids to do household chores!
Man i know that feeling. But sounds like you worked hard.
I graduated that year too! Cool to see that you were as excited as he likely was.
I undertand that. People are crazy like that, I never understood it
I bet it was, to catch up after awhile, few things really compare
I hope so too, and I hope that you don't have to deal with anything like that anytime soon.
Sounds like you got your priorities straight good man.
That is what matters, best of luck using it friend!
I am sure that you two will have a happy and loving life together especially if she reciprocates your desire to never cheat. 
It is always good to work out but start slowly since it has been a long time since your last work out.
Yes, you hear stories all of the time about people being rejected to find out that it was a blessing in disguise
I am glad to hear that, I hope they work out for you!
LOL It really shouldn't be funny but for some reason you are making me laugh! I guess that will teach them to leave their lunch sitting around! haha
All the best for your future and your role aswell! 
The odds must be astronomical, almost like winning the lottery.
Yeaah they really were, number 12 killed it with that goal 
I am in that boat at times where i live.
Yes, those are awesome feelings, I crave that all the time
oh darn thats just abit rude and unnecessary. I hope everything is ok now 
That is good to hear, I am glad it worked out well instead of a disaster
you would know better hehe!!
I bet, I hope you get everything you want!
Great.
I see where you're coming from. 
Wow that's neat! Crazy to hear he lost then as you said.
I wish you all the best pal ! You will surely rock !
You konw, sometimes consulting  a psy is a good investment. Dont be afraid to do that.
Huh, I see. Well good for him!
Oh, no. That's awful! Did you report something that had occurred at your job? 
Yes, I'm aware, but i'm a much bigger hockey fan. 
How so because I want everyone in this place to be safe? You need to google immigration in other parts of the world and you will realize how awesome it is here.
You must have felt terribly guilty when you realized! Happens to all of us
I would get that a lot in school back in the day i feel it's pretty normal to have those moments.
Friends I know who have been through rough breakups often say that physical activity helps. That, and time. But still -- it's difficult!
I hope you were able to get it turned right back on in order to have directions to get where you were going.
Yeah, sadly our world leaders are too focused on "flexing" instead of working towards creating a world that is sustainable and liveable for our grandchildren's children
I would have peed in my pants if i was there.
That is a great feeling i bet! Good job man!
I can imagine it must have been very distressing. Glad that you were OK.
Surely you were able to explain that this was out of your control.
I feel for me it's just getting to the slopes more often too.
I know what you mean. It's like you have to dress for both the outside *and* the inside. That's great you have a pool in which to escape, though! 
Well that is terrible for him but I am glad at least some of it is being taken care of!
That's understandable. I hope everyone you know is doing well from back then!
I'm so sorry you had to go through that.
Man that is crazy! Especially that song!
Yeah, sometimes it can be annoying though because they come to you with really easy problems to fix and you feel like they should know how to do it themselves.
I hope the email will bring you good news
Because mine does the same thing... If its not video games its the TV on full blast haha! Tell him you need your beauty sleep.
Wow! I would have told her to fill out the paperwork herself getting your hopes up like that.
Awww well I am glad he was understanding about it.
That sounds so fun! I"m glad you enjoyed it!
Please tell me that you gave him some money to help him out.
I have some hot chocolate that can help calm you down a bit.
I am so sorry! But he does sound like a true friend if he's actively paying you back!
That is awesome! I am from Chicago, so when the cubs won the world series I felt the same way. 
Oh that must be a handful for your parents.
That is horrible news.Your family should make sure she gets comfortable on her last moments.
I can imagine. The unknown can be very scary and make you worry.
That's very exciting! Congratulations on your raise!
You almost gave me a heart attack with that story!!
Well, now you know they do! That was very thoughtful of them.
Did you tell the teacher then we know atleast you had tried.
I am so sorry you had to go through that!
I'll bet. It's always nice to visit, but it can be hard to say goodbye.
Oh I know that feeling!  My family was the same way, and I still remember coming home after my last day of 6th grade and seeing that same SNES box sitting on my bed.
I know the feeling too well! Hopefully you get a good's night rest tonight. 
Thinking like that seems stressful
No need to kiss butt.  Maintain your integrity and enjoy life on it's terms.
That wasn't very nice of them.  It's quite common to forget things.  Hopefully next time you remember!
My wife and I have been together for 12 years, tried years ago and nothing. Waited a while and then started trying again and we got it. Fate has a funny way of working out.
That is great.
Well make sure you listen to your Dr.'s advice!
That stinks. I've been interviewing also. I had two places call me back for three interviews and then no offer. So I feel ya. Just keep looking.
Was it a long move? 
That's awful, people need to be more careful
Awe, I am sorry. In those instances, nobody wins. I hope you guys came out of it stronger than before
I'm happy it went well for you!
Sorry to hear that. I have same issues with my knees.
Ugh, I'm sure that was hard.  I'm sorry you had to go through that.
That's terrific. Hopefully she continues to get better and better. 
Did you confront him
Oh no! I hope you can fix it!
Yes or rich. When I was a kid I wanted to grow up. Now that I'm old I want to be a kid again.
I agree, you made the right choice. And it gives you time to get to know the hosts before a future sleepover!
Well, sounds like your boss is stressed out too much and taking it out on you! Maybe he needs a long break!
I wish he would have! The Heat can use his help! Haha!
I can imagine!  I remember finding out I got free tickets to Disney World one time, I was ecstatic.
man I was hoping they would be able to help in some way!  I hope they didn't take anything to personal!
This is true for me as well, I have a 17 and 19 years old. I can't believe it, and just turned 40 on the 5th.
I prefer Tinder.
This is very true, But would you want to be bugged by people all the time.
Cool. I liked Pokemon blue.
No one is smart until they learn to be smart. We are all born with brains but not smarts. We must gain smarts.
You have to work hard and get good at somehting.
I did the same with mine. I lived with her during the summers and went home when school started back.
Well there will always be other chances for this match up to play out again.
I'm glad to hear that.  I wish you continued love and success with your marriage.  It's a rare gift to have these days.
Oh cool.  Maybe he was more of a hockey fan
I am a male so it was hard at first to do that since most girls do want some assertive guys.
Why would you lie about that? It couldn't have been that bad? 
I love Madden.
Nice. gotta love easy credit when you put in the work
I really like Batman too, Christian Bale is my favorite Batman. 
I liked it a lot too, Can't wait for the next part of it.
I have an iphone7.
If I were to travel to Mars, it would be with him!
I'm sorry. Dogs take a piece of our hearts when they go. 18 years is a very long life for a dog, I bet you had a lot of great times together!
No I want to though.  Did you score tickets or something
Oh no! Next time, make sure you go to Mexico City! It's a blast! Besides, Cozumel isn't really that dangerous at all.
Well, that's the most important one to make sure is happy! Good for you!
Thank goodness she was able to come, but that must have been so scary! I hope you're okay now!
That sounds stressful. At least they offered severance.
Honestly, you got to pick one or the other. I can see how you were frustrated, but I'm glad you realize you shouldn't have yelled.
You should work on that.Be a better version of yourself.
No, he lowered my taxes.
I've heard of people trying to hang upside down for hours a day to lengthen themselves.  Not that I think it works, but apparently many people would like to be taller.
That is mean. Girls can be mean sometimes.
Wow, impressive. Was it your first? 
I am more like a rock and roll type of guy myself.
Thats cool. I went to school for marketing.
Yes. I wouldn't go back.
They are doing really well this season! You must be so proud!
Are they going to accept responsibility and buy you new items? 
Sorry to here that.  Just curious are you male or female
I am Filipino also.
Well, I can't relate to some extent. My father passed away 2 years unexpectedly. It wasn't from cancer, and we actually never thought he was going to pass away that day when he went to the hospital. But, it's very hard to lose loved ones!
I remember also playing games with old and slow computers when i was a teenager.
That just sounds so bad. Glad she is better now!
Height you can not change but if you work hard anyone can be rich. 
My heart hurts for you. That's such a terrible loss.
I do not like salesman.
We are all average until circumstances require us to be extraordinary. 
What was your favorite part
I never played any sports in high school, I always had to work. That is a great accomplishment!
Wow, thank god he's on the up and up. I can't imagine how rough that must have been.
Where are you from originally.  I'm Filipino
I do like a good sandwich thou. But I eat slow.
Bummer.  Haven't seen it.  Don't watch soccer but I respect the sport
Hopefully it will work out.
You choose the best time.The summer is perfect for beaches.
Yes but the choked like usual.
Yes I am sure it was.
hahah how old is he?!
Is it for religious reasons
Perhaps she may forgive you?  It's always worth a try, sometimes you just need some time and some growth before you can revisit mistakes that have happened.
Wow, that sounds like a fun and interesting time, but it sounds like there are a high chance for things to go south and be a huge mess
Are you going to sue? You could get a whole new leg!
Sounds like a plan! You can also try to see if there is less calorie version of foods you like.
Everyone makes mistakes, we live and learn I guess.  If there is no hope of her taking you back, then you have to find a way to move forward, but take the time you need to grieve as it is a loss.
Awesome! Glad it worked out for him
Im so sorry to hear that. I was watching a house for a familty member and they're safe was stolen.
The Atlantic is not so bad!
How old are your daughters
What a neat mystery. I bet you wish you could thank them though. 
That's nice. Everyone makes mistakes. Glad he was forgiving!
I guess when you do that well in school, you can afford to miss a day because of that every once and awhile
What kind of dog was she? 
I would imagine so!  Argentina seems like a lovely place to live.
Well, you have to weight your financial situation vs your emotional situation and see if it worth to keep the house, i guess you have so many memories there.
Oh no. Were you able to get things sorted out? We live far away from family and I know how hard it can be especially when there are health concerns. 
You know what, nothing to mourn, really. Life has chapters, you know? It's wonderful you have the memories you do.
It was a korean movie. Don't recall the name.
Do you own any cats or dogs
No I haven't. But now I want to see.
I am sure you are both going to be happy
I bet it is a good feeling and are looking forward to hearing from them. 
Haha nice never a dull moment I bet
That's good to hear!
Sometimes i keep a extra pir of underwear in my car for this occasion.
Yeah the more you think about it the more you let your expectations and imaginations put fear into you, guess we have to avoid doing that somehow.
I bet! Especially with the cost of college these days!
Oh no. Poor guy. I hope he'll be happy with the man.
Wow. Just one inconveniece after another. It's no wonder people dread having to deal with the DMV.
Oh, yeah. I couldn't do that type of work. It is too stressful for me.
That is awful.  An unexpected illness cam really strike like a dagger in the heart.
I'm so sorry, it's hard when anyone close passes on, but I think parents are one of the hardest.
that is an important steep you are taking in your life.
That's a tough decision to make, but children do need someone at that young an age.
That is a tough situation. You don't want to mess up a great friendship and you also don't want to hurt her feelings either if you don't feel the same. 
I'm sorry to hear that, I know what it's like to have your love stolen from you.
Have you try talk to him about those issues.If he likes you he should work on the relationship.
My oldest only has 3 years to go and I already have dogs! I guess I'll need more
Haha yea seems like it would be really cool to see in person.
What are the chances of that?! How strange, but lucky for you.
Who are you pulling for? 
Good for you.You are going to have the time of your life.
I'm sure with time the pain will pass. Try to stay positive!
Absolutely. Knock on wood, I've still never been in a car crash. Make sure you go to the doctor if you have any pain over the next couple of days.
I heard about that on the news, how it was rare to see that. I LOVE Georgia. My favorite place to visit is Savannah. I will gladly trade spots with you.
I am going to Cali to see all of the national parks.
Well you picked a great one :) Love labs.  My friend's got a big one he just attacks me with love everytime I see him
Sometimes you just got to binge on your own, lol!
That is ridiculous. No one should treat you like that when you're seeking medical help.
I suppose find the safest spot to bunker down, it's hard not to panic though
Yeah, I do them all here too, they are never ending. 
I could imagine the experience. That was a wise thing you did!
I love Ferraris, they are so expensive though, one day I hope to own one.
Maybe keep it simple, and do different things each year. Last year we went on vacation.
Curves are always a good thing! I was always thankful for them.
Wow! That sounds like such a fun time
Thats terrible, I hope they grow up fine, would be horrid if they didnt.
I hope you have been able to cope. Death is a very hard thing to overcome.
Well that's good they yall still had cake. I'm sure you will laugh about this in the future.
I would have been mad, too. People on their phones drive like drunk drivers. So dangerous.
Defintely and im happy you went through with it after what I would assume was a long decision.
I guess what they say is true - cats do have nine lives.
That's awesome! It can be nerve racking
The best thing you can do is get ride of him.
There have been a lot of those in politics.
You should look for a therapy that will help you with this issue.
That's great. I'm sure you will enjoy being with them
I understand that. I live by a college. All the insanely cute girls are always around at every shop, restaraunt, and bar.
Yes though it's something everyone goes through...especially if he's going to be a man..I used to be the nerdy fat Asian kid who got picked on til I sucker punched the bully as hard as I could...and never got picked on again
Aww, I feel like that with my kids! They're always going to be my babies
I have a cat. Her name is Venus. I rescued her from outside after she was attacked by a dog.
I sure did. Thanks I worked extremely hard!
Oh, so you're a soccer fan? I don't really watch sports.
It's good it ended up not being too bad, storms can be very unpredictable 
I know. We just read a bedtime story where the mom paints a night scene on the child's blind to make her feel better.
That is so awesome to hear. Thanks to cars and everything an hour is nothing nowadays. Especially when you can put portable DVD players in there for the kids!
I know, they can be amazing when they are learning and exploring the world... however, I still don't think having a different colored cup than the one they wanted warrants the response they tend to give. ( I have a 2 year old and a 3 year old son)
tTHAT SOUNDS LIKE A LOT OF FUN
I am worried about you. I hope that you will have someone to talk to. 
Wow, congratulations! That is such an accomplishment. He must be very bright
That's insane. I heard that the older you are, the faster time goes by since the percentage of your life that a specific amount of time is gets shorter and shorter.
I like keeping busy too. It really helps me stay sane!
Oh ok. I take it, he was "cat calling"? There are classier ways of appreciating art.
One time my cousins dog, ruby, almost bit me for trying to put away a bowl of food. So, I understand how dogs can be with food at times haha.
Just be glad that everyone in your class probably has no memory of it now.
So bad from the vendor
Well in his defense, it's pretty hot out.
Oh that's great! Sometimes it is just difficult to takes kids to the dentist.
Yes, that was horrible what he did. I couldn't imagine what I would do if I had my child ripped from me
It's really not for them to judge. Do what makes you happy.
Yea it reminds me of a time I took a risk on an investment. It paid off!
Yea my little siblings love taking pictures with them.
And play smart,do whatever it takes to elevate yourself. That is the attitude.
That's great, make sure to keep your utilization low if possible.
I am 42, 40 didn't bother me.....there is nothing you can do about the aging process. I just try to take getting older in stride.
I'm sorry to hear you lost your best friend.
Riiight. It is just so cool to see the younger generations learn and see the things that once brought us joy at one point.
I wish I could still sit in window seats. I'm too tall now, I can only sit on the aisle.
Whoa. I'm really sorry and I really hope that's not the case. 
I see. Well, this is how democracy works and we will have to accept it
You should breath deep and start focusing on the issue in hand.
Yea the radars are usually accurate. Cook good food for me.
That's funny.
Maybe. I think some people are just born with it.
Oh no! Hopefully you will get to wear them on your next trip to the beach.
You definitely deserve it.
Well that is definitely good to hear. It must be so hard to go that long as somebody's "side kick" and lose them.
Having a clear and defined path is important. Success comes from hardwork and dedication.
I've never tried that but it looks pretty good. One day I have to try that.
I am truly sorry to hear that. Please accept my apologies for your loss. May he rest in peace
I agree with you.I was lonely for a whole year.
Oh yeah!  Allez les bleus!  But good on tiny Croatia for even making it that far.  That's an incredible story for them.
I bet. I know the feeling well since my car is also on its way out. 
Yeah because faithfulness is what defines a true friendship, after all.
I hate when bosses are like that. Is he normally like that? If so, I would sit him down and talk to him and tell him how his actions are affecting you
That's the spirit that got trump elected.
Oh well at least that is a plus. 
Whatever makes you happy I guess. To each their own.
People seem to only care about themselves a lot.
There not a lot we can do.Maybe presure the local politicians 
You should take it easy. Just relax and cross your fingers for the best to come yet
Doodles. That's a cute name! I'm sorry about your dog. 16 Years sounds like a good long life.
If it doesn't work out he can always go back.
Teaching sounds good. We seriously need more amazing teachers. I'll pray that it will all work out for you. 
LOL.That was funny.The most important thing is that you build the toy.
I can't imagine what that was like. I hope you find peace.
Oh well hopefully it goes quick for you but at least they will have a good trip which is nice!
Oh, I see. I felt that way when I was waiting for school to end.
Of course. I played soccer growing up myself.
I hope they s/he will view you as a valuable member of their organization and do what is necessary to make sure you are well compensated. 
Don't feel too bad.  I had to take college algebra 3 times before I finally passed with an A.  Sometimes you just need a good teacher.
That is a very noble that you have taken. I wish you successful career with full of joy
It is nice we have days to celebrate mothers and fathers. They deserve the recognition for their hard work!
Oh well that's a nice thing to do. I'm sure she forgives you because she knows you felt bad and wanted to make it right.
That still is impressive. I bet you did feel like you accomplished something
The best thing to do is not worry and just remember what you want to say to the interviewer. You will do just fine!
If it is sure then you do not need luck
We thought it might've been hunted by coyotes since we live close to the woods. Pretty crazy.
Getting the full-time sounds better taking a one time bonus from him.
HAHAHAHAHA  that what my niece does, I bring home two candies and she talks me into giving her one then she hides the other when i'm not looking
Sorry about that.
My community is great about that kind of thing. I'm glad you got your money back!
I certainly hope he did propose and that you are still happily living.
That makes total sense! Good job for thinking ahead like that!
Yeah, I remember as a boy watching those guys. They creamed Buffalo in the Super Bowl!
I can't believe she didn't at least apologize or wave sorry.  That's why cell phones are horrible and can cause accidents.  I'm glad your ok
She took care of you when you were little so it only makes sense that you'd want to return the favor. You're a good child.
Oh no! I hope everything turned out well at the end of it!
Yea but i mean afterwards you dont know if you passed the interview
the best way is to tame it well so that it will have good manners
Get registered to some of these dating sites.
I don't like lemon deserts that much, but that sounds amazing.
Yea I just aim to pass and pray, it can be hard sometimes, depends on the teacher
Nice! Good to hear that things worked out for you in the end!
You probably also learned your brother is a cheapskate, haha. I hope you did end up getting that car one day!
That is not fair for employers to count education more than life experience.
That's frustrating! Maybe if you just keep putting your foot down he will eventually get the message. I hope he does soon!
No I don't have any kids but I teach so I have other people's kids to fill that space in my heart.
You are so bold. I can't do it.
I like presents, they're surprising.
I watched so many youtube videos before mine its wierd when they give you the anesthesia 
Well I hope you are able to find the perfect girl for you!
Wow, that's quite the honor! Good work man!
Wow how interesting!  I really hope you do well.  I am sure you will!
I wish to be there too. That has always been my dream place for vacation 
Wow! you nailed it. Sound like a tough course to study
Well stealing electronics can usually be harmful to the original user because information is so personally valuable so don't do it again!
Yes babies are so cute but I like being able to send them home with their parents 
That's crazy. The silver lining to moving for me is being able to get rid of all my junk.
It is good your supervisor takes notice of your hard work. Nothing is more annoying than not getting recognition for effort.
It was wrong of course. I hope you kids would never find out that it was their parent who ate all of their candies
Yea thats fair, I could imagine if they are so near by you wouldnt care about them.
Maybe we both need to buy one of those chargers that you can keep in your car so you don't have to ask for a jump.
What the heck, that's so bizarre. Sorry to hear that it didn't work out.
That is awesome. Having more space is always a plus.
Man that does sound a lot worse. Well good luck to her then.
yea its a really big deal if it goes through, I hope you guys succeed.
You must be very proud. I hope she's successful.
I tend to pile my sandwich as high as I can and still fit it in my mouth. I am like the Scooby Doo of sandwich doctors.
I am sorry. Hopefully you can make it up to your friend.
o wow that sounds very tough but i'm sure you have it as long as you been reviewing the material
I agree. If more people were compassionate like that then maybe the world wouldn't be as messed up.
I sure hope you have a wonderful next Holiday trip very soon.
Exactly what I was thinking. Better cherish the time that you have with him until he goes off to college, but know that he'll always appreciate you.
Oh yeah but we all make those mistakes as kids, it's good you've matured since then! Haha. 
It was more shared with the whole family. But later my dad hired a maid.
So you've retained all of that info and recalled it from memory during the test. I was never a good history student.
You joined the group,don't complain next time lol
I agree. We need to cherish the things we do have in this world.
Deer can be pretty ridiculous. I am glad you are okay.
That's a pretty great setup so soon in live. You're very fortunate.
Oh yes I am sure you did great, public speaking is a good skill too have. 
Okay. I think you need to find a better source of income so that you will not have to wait for black friday to get what you want 
Well, maybe just ask for a meeting with your boss and go from there.
People need to step up and start helping others. I will pray too
yeah! you're right. Once you've moved there, you started to love your city too!
Yea it is one of the best feelings
Hitting kids is kind of going out of style. People do timeout more now.
The best virtue in life.
I'm not sure what a commodore is. I don't really program much either , but I'm interested. I play a ton of pc games though.
Fair enough, that is very reasonable. Maybe you guys can celebrate on the weekend when you guys don't have work.
Yes.. it is best to be a defensive driver and keep yourself as safe as possible since there are so many crazy drivers out there!
That sounds like it would give me a heart attack.
If you trust your neighbour it is fine
I love delicious foods more so teri yaki, so yummy.
Good thing he wasn't drunk or he very well could have gotten in an accident. Alcohol really impairs motor skills.
Wow he really dated up this time around, lucky him I suppose.
Oh well that's too bad but their behavior is not right or fair, and they will deal with the consequences of that themselves. Forgiving them is good for you and for them. Just try your best to let go, I know it's tough- but people everywhere are way more successful then you and way less successful and you don't compare yourself to them I hope so why focus on one random guy just because he's your brother.
I will advice though, in some cases you have to report this to the security agencies 
That is good if you could pass it.
I agree, it feels great to have someone stick around for so long
People care about the dumbest things.
wow are you looking forward to seeing the coliseum ? 
thats sad. glad you were around to help him
OMG LOL.  Well maybe that wasn't so nice!  Ewwww.
Great that he finished early!
College was an odd time, people the same age you didn't know that well.
You should  also have a sharp memory to remember, what ever you have studied..
Oh I get it, that is pretty cool. I like a good underdog story. So this World cup should be very exciting!
Yea and it can be bad for infections too, scary stuff
Wow I'm glad you were okay! I'd be so scared too.
wow. thats good. it is good you were patient too for him to pay back
You are so lucky to have her. 
Dumbledore is one of my favorite characters of a ll time
Yea,i love surprises,especially from loved ones
Well there's no reason to waste your time reading scary stories.
that's amazing. My mother was also a beauty contest winner when she was 18.
But most people are still faithful in their relationship 
You are so kind. I'm never good with pets.
I understand. It is always good to have someone that you can count on.
Oh that's too bad, I wonder if you could find a way to politely say something so you can focus.
What if it's opposite? 
I am sorry. But i hope you have learnt your lesson this way
Wow, that's terrifying you know
Are you always scared of the exam hall? 
sorry to hear that. Why dont you try to make things work with your mother's relationnship
I had similar situation with my friend last year
That's not good. Sometimes it's difficult to determine what is legit and what is not. 
Wow, when did you first meet him
That's natural. Just don't tell him lol. You'll be alright buddy.
Yeah... So tell me more
Ouch! That's too bad. I would have been cringing!
For them to really give you that, that means you got sharp brain
Hahaha, you thought it was a ghost right?? 
That's interesting. You must be very talented
I see you enjoy gambling.
I'm glad you found them.
That is true, especially when you don't give them attention
Moving can be both adventurous and a big headache. You have to make big decisions about discarding many old possessions and selling your house if you have one.
It's really annoying right
well perhaps you can brush up on some sabotage skills lol :) get her out, get yourself back in the game. Good luck!
Well, hey. At least there's plenty more fish in the sea. Maybe the next one will be the one.
thats great. i hope they do on my side too
Yeah they give up.
Yeah for sure...  So where are they coming from?? 
Good. What did you think of Amsterdam? I have been there 3 or 4 times.
That's great to hear! Mine was mostly happy but of course there was some issues.
Well, yes and no. There's ups and downs, but you get used to the responsibilities. Just expect more stress from your wife than anything else.  
I understand. It should have been not easy.
Wow, that is really nice
That is a good place to start, I mean a relationship not built on truth is very shaky and is liable to fall apart very quickly.
oh really,its  sounds terrible.
That's nice of her, I love when teachers go out on a limb for students like that,
Nice! You sound like a great caretaker.
It's always good to expand your knowledge.
Nice, good for you my dude. Hard to get girls these days.
Cats can really be such strange pets sometimes, I swear they live off of our momentary hatred for them
how are you
Hahaha I really love to see horror movies, but I don't usually get scared
k good, here after becareful with them
Oh that really sucks, hopefully you get that dealt with.
Nice! Family is so important.
That's good to hear. You can always keep searching for that dream job while you work.
Did you try Crash Bandicoot Kart? It is the one that I liked the most. I was playing this game several hours a day with friends.
4 hours late! Totally unacceptable! But hey, at least you live near a beach.
Totally agree. They say one thing and do another just to keep in power.
That's good man there will be more trust me.
Woow we are directly opposite of each other
would you be using the pen for anything special
I wish I could be as lucky as you. Well happy belated birthday.
I suppose that works. Sorry you feel that way.
That is so bad, really not cool.
That's cool. I'm studying biochem at the moment.
They're known to cause erectile dysfunction? There's chemicals in the laces, dude! A conspiracy I tell you! Done by OBAMA!
Sorry to hear that. I guess your boss must have been feeling the same as you were about the nanny.
I understand your fear, but it will be worse of you keep that big of a secret from her, especially if she finds out some other way.
Yeah, unconditional love is something that is hard to come by.
You'll get there in no time. I believe in you.
I remember Martin Mystery! I loved that show.
Hopefully it isnt for anything horrid like drugs.
Wow, fear is a bad experience
My wife is 6 months pregnant.
Wao,i dont want to see them at all
It only gets worst once he's in his teenage years and bringing girls home! But it's worth it in the end.
I agree wholly, quite an impeccable spectrum. I read online on 4chan that da Vinci was likely an alien from the future. 
It was funny because I was out with one of the prettiest girls ever telling her I was jealous. I shouldn't have been though.
I always loved their strip when I was younger. It was the first time a team had played in checks.
Wow, Jamaica would is one of the places I dream of visiting. I guess work comes first though.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Yes I think so. I know people who have overcome phobias and fears that way.
I'm jealous. It will be amazing and I think you'll have great fun there soaking up the culture and wine also I suppose.
Who stole them? 
We,pray and have faith
Well done, great job.
Central.
That's cool.  I feel like that was true in your world.  But as far as I knew the world was a living hell for colored people more so then than now...but I'm positive the news today only highlights what is convenient for corporate America
It is a very nice movie.
Oh. Yeah, some people don't get scared enough because they didn't turn lights off. 
Thats the way he is,can u imagine,so ungodly show
I'm happy for you. You only have one life and should do what makes you happy.
I mean, how did you see yourself when you were small
promises are very important. builds trust. Ultimatums should do the trick ;) 
Woow, I guess I will like to play you someday
Ah, I can see why that would be stressful/upsetting. Well, it is good to plan ahead, but don't stress about it too much until you know for certain you are part of that 25%, the odds are still in your favour.
Lol. That's funny. Good story for when you become her boss.
Ah okay! Makes sense, I'm sure being a parent is no joke.
is he still there maybe? hope so. Remember the movie Groundhog Day. It was the homeless guys last day
oh. Meditating works. Unless you fall asleep and have a nightmare.
Thats so good and fun,children are the best
For sure...  I love working for my money
Yes, I think it is easier to remeber when you become a parent yourself.
How sweet! 
Hope you ace it.
Wow, that must've been a shock then.
They should pay you for the time you spend on sorting it out.
Yes and they seem so full of themselves while doing it.
Wooow that must really be interesting 
Yeah, Gordon can be pretty supportive too, and soft spoken, which is surprising. 
well then he shouldn't have jumped to conclusions. Things aren't always what they seem
Pets are family. We still want them to be around no matter what.
I completely understand, I've been in that predicament and it sucks.
Awww you need to practice more often
I know what you mean. All the people seem to be the same types - fame hungry narcissists
That was a hard watch. They were a strong young team and should have won but missed a few chances in the first half.
I completely understand
Yes, that too. Or does not contribute as much like they should, i.e., critical thinking/participatory contributions
OH. If he is guilty I hope he gets what's coming to him.
Well done, good effort.
You should make sure to keep to your word to help, then.
That is amaziing!
I still have two years left. I hope to have that feeling too.
That goodness for that! There is nothing worse than hearing noises like that when you are alone walking.
hey, eating dogs are normal to some! sick
How come? Direction of life swaying you away from your family? 
That sucks. I couldn't be without my kids. Maybe you should go to counseling.
I couldn't wait to not wake up early. Then I got a job lol
oh noo
Wow, but its your personal life
That's too bad. I actually own a ball python, she's pretty cute.
OH wow. That's awesome. I want to adopt too. Maybe foster.
What are the payments for? 
Omg, i'm so sorry. I just realized my eyes focused on promotion results. I think there is a silver lining in every situation
I understand how you feel, such thing have happened to me before
wow be safe
everything passes with time
Oh, congratulations! Which college? 
oh wow
probably boosted his self confidence too
That's really scary! I'll try to keep spreading the word for people to be more eco-conscious.
Thats good. It doesnt always work out that well.
I am sorry about your car trouble, good luck with that.
That is what matters, to have a supportive and lovely wife
I have a solution for that, but I wouldn't advocate you doing it. 
I am very sorry to hear that. I hope for your sake that things are getting back to normal and the destruction is being taken care of.
I hear you there , I have also, but now I am in the best relationship ever!!!
I can imagine. Fortunately, I don't have any kids yet, so I do not know the pain of dealing with a bunch of crazy kids! Although, it must be very rewarding.
Stepping on legos are just as bad. and they are my kids' favorite toys!
I agree! I would have been screaming, too! (And I would have been annoyed at my husband for laughing!)
Of course I can understand it, but at least she probably didn't suffer and is now in heaven.
That is awesome. Life can be random like that sometimes.
Good memory. We all have to change with the times.
Nooo,  the first time I took it,  I misbehaved
Great, it is true that new places and situations can be exciting but scary at the same time
That would have been fun, maybe next year
Network do disappoint
Good deal. I think it was stress related.
Awww that's nice,  just take care of them 
Well everyone has their pace. Maybe the next time you go you can invite her but take more time. It's fun, either way!
I love spaghetti myself! I'm not a good cook at all though. I'm always eating out.
I bet he appreciates you being nice though.
Hope you had a good birthday.
It is daunting. I think I still have nightmares about it. I feel dirty just thinking about it right now.
I am sure your family was proud of you, as well!
Well that's good to hear. Possessions can be replaced but your family is all that really matters in the end!
I see a lot of cars that do not watch out for motorcycles, be careful out there
yeah. if only
Well, you should look into that
Things happen we cant do anything about it, I hope this accidently wont affect you in the long term
Yeah, it was a nice learning experience.
I'm happy for you.
I can see where that would be embarrassing.  I hope your pride wasn't hurt too much... or you physically!
I'm glad you both found the courage to face it head on. Nice job!
Indeed. My son called our dog his cousin for a little while...weird I know.
Crab rangoon is one of my favorites. I would be bummed too. I think I know what I am having for dinner tonight.
I always am as well because I am not an artist by any means. 
I know that's tough. It's scary when your kids go through something like that. It never leaves you when its time to do it all over again.
Amazing, Im happy for you. :) 
I understand. It is impossible to live with only one income for family. I am happy she have an interview.
I don't blame you. I have been in that position with a credit card I forgot to pay when we moved and they didn't have the correct forwarding address. Stress on top of stress. :(
I hear you. I love true crime, so I think that would be such a fun thing to study
I can't imagine how hard that must have been. I'm glad he is doing better!
I understand. I am happy that nothing bad happened to you.
Oh, well sometimes we say things we don't mean. If you apologize he'll probably accept it and be fine again.
No one dies along, I am sure there might be a person  in this world that is made for you , this is just not the right time to meet that guy. Just wait and it will come in front you when you really need it.
Well pizza for breakfast every once and a while won't kill you, it sounds delicious.
Wow. Lucky you. You should try it again.
Wow! Have you been there before? They have an amazing culture
It was two years ago. I cant remember where. We stayed on the beach all day.
I am happy that she is trying something. Sport is important for kids.
Cool. And congrats on your future engagement!
I think you have a right to be mad over that. 
yea or be there next time she makes dinner and give her tips eating raw chicken is very bad
maybe try going out to concerts or clubs or sporting events, somewhere you can find people with common interests
I agree. I had an apartment with limited parking and people that didn't live there always parked there anyway.
Nope lock her in the basement
You had me at cheap liquor
What are some personality traits you both have in common
I wish. I bought a spin bike in January and have used it once. I have to quit smoking.
our siblings, leaving us all alone in a party or a club.
Is it short skir't long jacket. I love that song.
My landlord has the same issue. 
I don't think I believe you. 
My family is like that too. 
That's strange. I always try to buy gifts for my family when I go on a trip.
So he's the culprit! He better start charging it or else it's revoked !
I've done that more than once, I'm terrible at names
Be patient and things will fall into place. You'll be fine.
Be careful. It could have been worse.
You sound like a great parent, they're lucky to have you!
Did you grow up with dogs
I have three. They are my world. I wish we lived in the country and not the city.
Now you have something to look forward to.
My suggestion is to go for your favorite food rather than some fancy catered food that you don't even enjoy!
I see, that's too bad but maybe there will be more marathons you can participate in in the future. 
It could've been much worse. That's good.
That sounds awful. I hope you filed a complaint with the restaurant!  
i really hope you will be able to visit them then! I know how you feel, I didn't see my parents for a couple of years
Good
I'm glad you guys could just shrug it off. But I imagine you guys were pretty mad during to break out into a fist fight.
best phase of our life.
Well, that's a nice plan. I hope you enjoy yourself.
She will be fine. 
Well at least he changed. That doesn't always happen.
That would be good for you. Maybe you will get some good neighbors then.
That would freak me out too.
You can sue him
Nice I love Metallica.  Was he using a loop station and a backing track or what
Yeah I used to be a powerlifter, but injures cut my career short unfortunately, stay healthy!
Ohh come on its not that scary, you should watch whole season.
That's pretty cool.  So I'm guessing you're more of a city gal
I know but I think we're meant to stay with our first loves honestly, but maybe that's too idealistic.
Don't feel bad, I have those days, too. I keep boiled eggs handy for those times eating out gets too excessive. (protein)
I didn't I was a cheerleader though if you want to count that.
I love Call of Duty.  What's your rank
Wow, congratulations! I bet you worked hard for that!
Everyone has their time, yours will come soon
That sounds nice. I like having a touch screen on my work computer a lot.
money is the goal that everyone dreams of
That's nice, I plan on having 10 kids.
We learn from our mistakes.
It is a great experience. Expensive though
Oh man, I bet that is gonna hit the spot!
3 and 4. The amaze me almost everyday
Right? They can go get a job as a garbage collector if they want to act that way!
Well probably should confront him and if he's lying get rid of him.
I always find it amazing that people never see it coming.
Sounds like it will be a lot of hard work to attend such a school but well worth it in the end.
No kidding. Plus I'm buying for two so double the cost this year.
That is always fun. Lots of good memories there.
Was it a good reason? I can't say I've ever done that before
It's crazy how glass is hard to notice when it's like perfectly clean.
I know what you mean. Sometimes in can all the difference in the world to be able to just relax for a while.
Oh that makes sense. I hope you found out quickly before anyone else could see. 
Oh, the ole snatch and grab. Still must not have been a good feeling.
I wish there was something I could do to help
That is a interesting way of being positive i guess.
That is so sweet. I hope you receive more flowers in the future from your loved ones. 
She will always remember the special bond that you have.
Well hopefully you do well on it.
Man, that's gross! I would have freaked out.
Oh okay, Im unfimiliar with snow storms because I live in Florida, but I would guess it is much like preparing for a hurricane maybe/
Yeah, it was nice. It was a dump, but it was my dump.
She must have traveled very far. I am glad you two have reunited!
I hope you're well prepared!
Yeah, thats too bad. But, I can understand her side too. Sometimes things can't be replaced.
I bet that was scary!
Maybe a car dealership could help.
That's the great thing about sports, anything can happen.
Sounds like you had a wonderful night. I am sure she felt the same way.
I hope you get it next year. Good luck.
Little dogs are so much fun. I have a big dog and a little one.
I like a lot this show. I am fan but I never read the book.
i was 22. Registering for college classes and I was freaking out so bad, they just told me to come back the next day. I didn't go back
I dont like scary either im a baby i guess 
I wish I had that kind of relationship. I left most of that when I moved :(
sure. Have a good trip.
You can tell they are mad at you too for letting it happen. I hate ir
:o uhhh oh you had to pick them off 
I've never gotten a promotion at any job. But I've never wanted more responsibility 
Right i work from home so i feel you 
That's great I have a couple of friends like that
Very annoying, I would consider getting the police to pay a visit even.
If she is a really good friend then she did. Dont worry about it.
Oh, then try to keep busy yourself so you don't feel alone.
They don't have time for all that.  They are trying to teach.
Competition is tough these days. For whatever reason, that job wasn't meant to be and you'll find your perfect fit soon.
I think you'll probably be fine but, that dosen't mean your lunch isn't ruined.
That's great. Some people aren't so lucky. They die at a job they hate
Keep working at it, you'll get it all. Try ice on it to harden the gum first.
I guess its different if you live where it gets cold during the winter.
I am sure she will be fine.  We all made it through.
Tell them the next time they need to get up if they want good food, too.
Oh that's so sweet, I wish I kept in touch with my family too
That's my kind of party.
oh okay sorry, i was just a little distracted about my car accident the other day.
Who else was in the car
Were you nervous being pulled over? I've never been pulled over myself.
They're really loud too actually, they bark a whole lot more than other dogs
Yeah me either. Once people get to know me its fine but usually people dont like me when they first meet me. idk!
That's messed up.
That's always so awful.. It's too bad it wasn't something you bought with a credit card and could just dispute it..
Wow, I mean everything happens for a reason.. That's great!
you don't deserve it! nobody deserves it
oh gosh lol that's so funny. 
It's okay to trust, but always be cautious too.
Well I hope you find him. Hopefully nothing bad happened to him.
So true. I always eat it all. I really can't control myself so better not to even start. Good on you
I got lucky there he was fine after we got him away from the doctors office and got him his very treat.
You will! I believe in you. Just go with a flow and take one day at a time. Your baby will love you so much
Yes. I did go to college, but I did not complete it.
I'm happy for you. I have been in that situation before.
That's when you drink more and talk to everyone around you and make a good time for yourself!
I can only imagine how excited you must of been when you got the promotion.
Yeah, I guess I can see why that would frighten some people.. Nightlights work wonders!
That's awesome.. Hopefully they win again in the future!
I bet that was fun and relaxing
That is great, your studying paid off.
Oh, that's awesome! I am glad he made it!
Yeah! I am glad he didn't bite you or something!
I've been to Cozumel. It was lots of fun
Yeah, its not safe at all
I know. What kind of car was it
good luck going forward
I guess we all were though
I recently lost my grandmother. I thought I wouldn't get through it at all.
I understand, time is important
That's cool! I thought they'd only be around for Halloween.
Now you must take the corrective so that it does not happen to you anymore
I haven't tried uber for important places. Not I know to be weary. So sorry to hear that.
Maybe they can put you in a different department.
You must be proud.
That is a real blessing. Being debt free is gonna be sweet!
What matters is that you both learned from it.
Your friend must really like the woman. 
Oh wow. Kid is crazy!
There is always next year champ. Im sure you'll try harder next time.
Oh my god. She's so little. I hope she'll enjoy it.
I hope the worst didn't happen to them, that's so sad.
It must've been a great guy.
It is a lot of money. Take your time deciding on what to do with it.
Were you ever scared? 
I understand, I hope you do something special with it then! It's always exciting to get a little extra cash, even only $20.
That really sucks. I hate how employers expect us to work to death.
Glad to hear there's still some good people out there.
Seems like you might be enjoying the attention.
Women, amirite? 
I have 4 kids. I wish you all the best of luck and will pray for you. Kids are so much fun. Mine are all almost grown now.
That is the *best* feeling seeing hard work pay off! You much have been so happy for and proud of him!
Did you tell her? She may want you to go ahead and get it fixed.
Yeah, its infuriating.
I hope time will heal, and they don't lose hope.
Sometimes, it feels good to get revenge
What did you do that got you the promotion? 
glad to hear it.
That is awesome!  It is nice to know people can be fair!
from what you have told i cant go there what else did you see 
That's terrible. I hope you get some rest.
That's a great feeling. Knowing you *can* go home again ;-) Hopefully they can come visit you, too!
Mostly medical. But, also that you most likely won't have long to make a bond, play, etc. It would be mostly care
You'll be more careful next time. Everyone makes mistakes.
How far away was it? 
Do your parents feel terrible about that? (Not that you want them to....I just imagine they'd be pretty devastated to know that's why a holiday was ruined for you.) On the other hand -- I LOVE New Years!
i used to but nowadays i don't what else
Did you bet on the game? 
I studied hard for a while, but in the end it was just too much fun to party every weekend.
You should not do that anymore.
That's too bad. All you can do is try harder next time.
ahw that was good
I have never been to Asia.
can you kick an innocent dog for nothing
oh no! That is terrible. I didn't give anyone any money either. 
I use to go to church when I was little.
Maybe you should get a new one.
As long as you take care of it, and use it the right way it will last you forever.
Yes, she and I have a bond that will be unbreakable.
Give him a call too. It is a bit more personal.
There a bunch of apps that let you buy food online, you should check it out!
Yes, that is a smart plan. Knowing that we cannot foresee the future, it is a good idea to be prepared.
Oh no, where to? That is hard.
That is not fun. Hopefully it will not be too hard.
Yes, you do. You can do it!
Oh, well I am very happy for you. I bet you were celebrating when you heard the good news!
That sounds like a good way to have fun and get some exercise!
That's neat. I wish I had your motivation for...well...everything else in life.
I am sure it was! :) 
but i would less satisfied
Its hard being a parent... but i am sure you are doing it right! 
Some people can take things so far. I hate it when they do that.
one day my child will make me proud like that
I love California.
Nice! 
I am not sure I get it
Thats so kind of them! 
it's okay though, i'm sure you learned from your mistake
I encourage you to apply for it no matter what
I know it does I am right in FL! I dont jog, I work out but running isnt my thing. 
That's the worst, when you personally know someone that treated you badly. I hope things turn out better for you. 
awh thats good it turned out well afterall 
Oh well, I am sure most people forgot about it quickly
Yes, sounds like your doing a great job with the little guy!
Dogs can be a little squeamish when it comes to that sort of thing. I wouldn't feel bad, it could happen to anyone!
Enjoy every minute with him. Time goes fast when they are little.
Yes, fire prevention shouldn't be that hard.
Makes sense. when you know what you want, you should go for it. Well, I'm happy for you. I'm far away from being able to do that.
That is good to hear, less weight the better
My dog never used to do that, it was only just recently that he started doing that.
That is good news, I hope your car is ok.
That is so sweet of him, those are the people we need more of in the world
He is a legend in the making
I agree, be grateful for those in your life because they help you become a better person.
Wow.  Now you can spoil yourself
He technically is from Akron not Cleveland.
That is true, marriage is great in a vaccuum, but life pops the bag sometimes
I bet it did
Lebron isnt a saint though
That is smart as well, future you will appreciate that!
Keep the faith that it will continue.
Well, you sound confident. And applying and getting in is one of the toughest steps, so I'm sure you'll do fine.
Most struggle in their first year.  That is amazing that you did so well.
Yea you wont be disappointed.  Its wonderful there.
All that hard work was worth it I am sure
It's always best to do nothing if your not sure.
That stinks. There's always next time!
That's a fair point. But Lebron James is different, and probably seeks to try to really control the team he is on, so that can be difficult too
I think you just need to give it time. Hopefully she will come around.
Was she keeping him in her classroom? I can see how that can be a lot of work.
I know. I wish things were better!
I hear you there, that is the worst part!
Ghost in the graveyard was a blast! I can't believe I forgot that one. It sounds like we both had great childhoods.
Yeah, that is not me at all, I barely post anything to people online
That was so generous of them.
Everyone believes that of course, but I believe you, people make mistakes
Me too, I am looking forward to winter and christmas, much better in my opinion!
then maybe you should cheat.
There are just bad people out there
Good for you, I'm sure your dad is so very thankful for you.
That is weird, sorry to hear that, paying more money is never fun at all
Why so surprised>
It makes it hard to communicate though.
That makes sense, sometimes things are just not meant to be
It happens I suppose, maybe there is some sort of refund policy where you bought it from
right me either. its too bad but glad you are thinking right! 
I know. He is a great player though.
sorry to hear that.
Oh, well that sounds like it will be a ton of fun, I hope all goes well!
That's like a bad dream scenario. Better to be a little kid though, even if kids are mean.
Exactly. You're right. Ignore them. 
I know that had to hurt. But forgive her and let her make it up to you.
Oh, yeah I understand that, it is the same way with my girlfriend now
I'm only 34 and a lot of my old friend are dead.
Ah, well at least you can only meet or exceed expectations!
Oh, well I am sure the date was just happy you were there!
I thikn lots of people are shy until they find where they belong.
That is a good mindset, I wish you the best of luck with that!
Potentially, he seemed a bit deadset, but we do not know too much all in all
damn.. how times have changed..
Good for you. Just hang on best you can until your in a better place.
Oh yeah, definitely! She seems like a very good girlfriend to do that for you. Sounds like y'all have a good future ahead.
I am sure it was glad its fixed 
well that is good, that seems rare!
Well, best of luck, I am sure you did awesome!
Me too. Try to spend time with kids. We can get into their life for sometime.
yea, everyone probably does at one point or another.
Oh... Interesting. A hole under the fence? I'm sorry to hear that.
thats to be expected but you seem like a caring person 
That is crazy lucky. Well, I'm glad everything ended up okay.
That is so awesome! Happy for you!
That is so nasty, I am glad I was not there
what? that's absolutely horrble
Ohhh... That makes more sense. Well, congratulations. That's a defining point in people's lives. I hope you have a great experience.
I know because sometimes technology doesnt work the way we want it too.. i hope you get to be together again soon. 
How long has it been? I am so sorry. That must be so difficult.
i am sure it wasnt 
With the way you sound, I'm sure you'll have the patience and the wisdom to raise her the right way through the teenage years anyway.
thats so awesome good for you 
He is a Superbowl caliber QB, so I guess he deserves it.
beautiful, congrats! 
im sorry :( how long has he been missing for? 
Well that is a true friend right there then!
Ah ok. That's crazy though. Hope they are ok.
Maybe someone found her and took her in.
That's good. I am glad it was a happy ending.
ahhhhhh! I see this on Judge Judy everyday!
Awh.. if shes okay today she will be fine! 
I feel that way sometimes but it's the best way to learn, and it only gets easier!
what a cute name... i am sure you will.. again im sorry! 
thats a good choice
Oh no!  That's too bad.  Now you will have to keep an eye out for it!
It's great when it works out that way, I hate presenting.
You need to save up then
That's really sweet, I'm happy for you
Congratulations!
that is wht i have heard, i hope it is that way for me
It can be a hard lesson to learn but will make you a better student.
No I can but I didn't want her to have it and not me.
sounds like a lot of stress... i hope things change for you VERY soon! 
I'm so sorry. Have you tried reading Rainbow Bridge, that could provide some comfort.
yup
I get that, sometimes it is not in the cards though
oh, I am sorry to hear that he passed away...
They sound like good people
Me too, that made summer great as a kid!
Where did you go to college.
No, only one extra day isn't bad.
Wow. The first one is so old now.
Smart move!  Good for you for deciding to use it responsibly.
I bet you are so proud!
Ha ha! No loneliness here. I think the biggest worry is craziness.
you guy's will get back everything you have lost. It is difficult for travel as you said
wow, you might just have bad luck
I'm not sure, my boss won't return my request for a meeting emails.
I hate writing papers too. That's why I am an engineering major. Lol its still pretty hard though.
Only thing I'm not wild about is dealing with cleaning up afterwards.
Well, you both have the same blood, so I would advise just to let bygones be bygones.
good paying job and keeps you active! 
Absolutely. I'm glad you're experiencing that. Me on the other hand, I'd be worried that I wasn't good enough for them. But I'm sure things will work out for you.
well i hope you two get to spend a lot of time together when she comes up 
Oh my!  I have never heard that before.  I hate feeling that powerless but it is bound to happen many more times unfortunately
That is very discouraging.   I am sorry you have to deal with that stress.
I hope that it only gets better.
Yeah that sucks, I have gone through that too
That's great to hear!  I hope it stays that way and whateer troubles they had are subsided
I hate being late
That's great! Congrats!
That is great news and a lot to be proud of!
I do.  A child's laugh takes away all of life's stress.
I am not sure I am ever prepared
It happens to everyone, you'll feel better about it soon
Maybe she should have just quit! but i hope the best for her in the future.
good luck
Good you got it back.
I know what that is like! I hate being an adult sometimes!
thats cool
I have and it didn't go so well for me. I hope your experience is!
That's cool I remember it was a big theme in Nickelodeon. I'd be so embarrassed if I was the losing family...but I'm sure they all got paid so it was worth
That is so cool. I bet you were happy!
You must be missing here very much.
you seem to have done a good job. congrats
You've sparked my curiosity on the last one haha!
Well I hope it works out for you.
I wonder how long it would take him to kick through a large and wide tree.
Cool what kind of pizza was it
She's a lucky lady!
I hear eharmony is pretty good.  I have a couple friends who have had success with it.
Yeah, but like 10 years of that committed time.
Exactly, looks are not the only think that matter in this world.
A very exciting and scary time of life. I remember it well.
That's very kind of your manager. 
Hopefully your kids also understand and aren't being a handful.
I remember that show! And the books! But I had no idea there was a game!
they seem like not very nice people! im sorry 
How much! Sometimes things happen like that when you really need them!
I'm glad you are. You deserve to work for a company that values you and your time.
I think like that with my kids. This sounds cliche but it's so bittersweet. 
Boy, that's pretty messed up.
Yeah that is like half a year of rent for me. I would be livid.
yes we do i understand i lost both of my parents at 22 
haha that's cool...always good to have the best of both worlds
I'm a fitness enthusiast myself, and you'd be surprised how people even find reason to be negative about THAT.
A brothers bond is unbreakable. I'm glad you guys got to spend some time together. 
:) we have all being through the age. You will miss this stage when they finally grow to become adult
Its nice to have things like that happen
sounds awesome! 
What was the prize for winning? 
Yeah, hopefully your still looking for another internship.
ugh thats terrible im sorry for your loss 
I bet, good luck though
I totally agree. Why do you think some people really like him though.
Less salt is always better than to much salt on food.
Yeah, raising kids is very tough. I do hope everything works out for you. Just find a way to keep your motivation up!
That is no good!
i think so its for the best 
Everything happens for a reason.  When one door closes, another one opens!
So creepy...I wouldn't be able to forget it either...
That isnt too far
very adorable good for you guys 
That was very cool of your dad.He taught you a lesson.
What did you want to happen exactly? 
That makes me feel better
That's good that your friend wasn't affected by your actions too badly. If you guys moved on from it then it was a great learning opportunity!
Tv can be fun though
Most of us do that too. Kids over reacy to new environments
We all are.
No I am really jealous!  I have wanted to go there for the longest time.  I am happy for you!
hard work must pay off if you are seeing results! congrats
I guess thats a reason
Wow.  That sure saved you a lot of money on replacing a phone, too!
It is sad that you can not go, but you are making a good sacrifice to make sure your family will be able to survive. Also you could use the alone time to do stuff you are not able to do with them around!
That is adorable
well thats great news!
Oh god. Thanks. I feel care for you. 
You will get through it
Then I wouldn't be worried, you can't live your life that way. If someone wants to cheat, they will find a way. 
I could imagine. I one day hope to experience that feeling.
Oh he must be a good boy then or girl.
that stinks
That is nice to hear
I lost my grandmother last year. It is a rough thing to go through.
I am sure she is in a better place now.
Try to be confident but not overly entitled.  There is a fine line between the two.  Congrats though if you get the job!
That is good that you escaped your accident with a minor injury. Please take care of yourself in the future!
I bet you have a lot of good times
thats good
probably won't forgive him for a long time.
I am sure they did not mind doing that
Oh man, I hope you weren't too hard on the kids.
sounds like you will be using that often
I can't wait to find out the end of the series.
I'm sorry to hear that.
I'm sorry to hear that. That would be hard. 
That is pretty great! My dog takes forever at time because he's playing with the neighbors dogs.
That is good to hear
I don't live in an area that is known for tornadoes but they still scare me. I'm glad you're ok!
I guess you got to just wait and see.
i bet that night was fun!
Well that sucks, sorry
Hopefully you do go to college. I had fun but was stressful.
Forward isnt always good
I'd be scared too!
wow thats awesome
family is much needed thing during these time. take care of your health
Hahaha that just goes to show ya, age is just a umber!'
I agree with that. You should be able to trust people until they prove that they are untrustworthy. 
oh wow
That was nice. That doesnt always happen.
I like those too especially when i don't want change anymore.
Wow! I'm glad it didn't escalate to that point!
Oh well, at least it was something
that stinks
wow thats cool
Did they have an awesome catering service? I am looking one for my wedding that is coming up
I am sure you will
MY cousins used to play scary tricks on me. I hated that.
Wow that is pretty cool of her to do.
That is great to hear
yea i coud understand that
That has definitely got to be a relief that he is back!  That is the best case scenario.  Hopefully, he never gets away again.  Make sure to check your fence!
wow that stinks
i wish i could go back to get another degree. thats great that you were able to do that
haha dogs always want to go out and play.
Hopefully, another position opens up! I'm so sorry to hear that.
Likewise! I even too terrified to try sushi. It just looks so slimy.
That is good idea.
That's unfortunate. I hope that something changes soon. It is detrimental to your health!
I hope you taught them that it doesn't!
I used to have a had time making friends when I was younger. 
You're never too old to have fun! Don't ever think that. Always stay a kid at heart
I would have done the same thing! Who does that guy think he is? I would've tried kicking him back.
That is just sad. People in education dying really sucks.
I bed it was exciting just because of the idea of getting caught!
Set a trap. Or maybe just a camera
hahaha I've been that way too.
No but I've had my hours so reduced that it wasn't working going to work due to everything going to union dues and transportation.
Well, that does sure sound like a show. I bet they shared a bunch of laughs over those wretched and foul farts.
Well, you get experience points on that. Hopefully, the next dish is better.
Some days trapped inside the house aren't always bad. At least you don't have to think too hard on what to do.
Must find some cool things while doing it.
Oh wow. I would suggest using Spotify and then make a radio playlist on your favorites artists. That is how I find newer but similar music.
Never ventured, nothing gained and all.
Sounds like the responsible thing to do. Hopefully she gets a new one soon and her luck continues.
You are so much fun!  Jogging gives off a pretty good feeling too!
That's a tough situation to be in. I would just take all his belongings to the dump and be done with it. Maybe he can stay there too.
Oh no- Well I am the opposite. I rescue bambi and small critters :)
They are tasty sins.
Ugh, well good think mine are still at summer camp.
Sounds like a fun club though. My school didn't have anything like that.
You managed to get a promotion, so you're obviously talented. I'm sure you will do just fine and earn many more promotions.
That's so sad :( Maybe he should buy you a substitute
it could have been sentimental. like a gift from someone special
That must've been embarassing. Happens to us all.
He deserved it. He was fighting for his life.
I mean you can still go back for more after this. Don't give up, bro.
Yea, you need to stay away from those, especially if you don't know who they are, your email should be able to block stuff like that, look in the settings.
Oh wow, you must have a lot of responsibility there!
Oh well that's good.
Fantastic! That would be so fun!
Oh I see. Well thats all very exciting. If you keep working at it Im sure you will continue to be successful. It will pay off.
Cool! What industry is it in? I hope you get the job!
Oh well, be carreful.Make sure nobody is following you.
Donate is good thing to do. Great
I probably would have done the same thing.
The amount of pride he will have in himself with speak volumes.  Let his new teachers know what works for him.  You are his best advocate!
Well if you are doing so well, I wouldn't quit! Good luck!
It great that he has a good home then.
Ah well, he raised your and your brother so he knows what hes doing.
Have you tried online dating?  Many of my friends have experienced success with apps like eharmony!
That's terrible. Maybe you can get a promotion if you get it all done.
Yeah, I'm afraid to get a cat because you never know what kind of personality you'll get with them
Enabling is pretty bad. People don't learn if someone is always saving them from every thing.
Yeah, I like a lot of the actors they've got for that show, so I'm really looking forward to it. Might save it to binge it though
Haha I bet! Always great to have everyone together, though, really gets your mind off all the stresses of daily life.
They'll be other interviews.
I didn't realize it was ending? You must be disappointed.
Yikes. If I was you, I would get my own gun! Better to have it and not need it, then have not have it then need it!
OH wow! I feel you there and it's totally worth it! If you have to sit- get a donut pillow to not sit on your tailbone.
I hear that stuff is bad for you.
That is great news.
Hmmmm. with no job and no way to pay it back I sure hope he can be understanding.
Oh. I've never seen that show. I know it has die hard fans though.
Oh man, that's doubly terrible! Yeah, if you can, you should try to make a budget and get better at cooking for yourself. Huge money saver, but I'm sure you already knew that. I hope it works for you, though.
MOst work requires multi tasking. Yes that is true. You sound like you already have a good head on your shoulders.
No kidding... Who goes out of their way to get a lawnmower? Like... Why risk getting arrested and going to jail for a lawnmower... Oh well... Humanity. Sorry to hear that happened to you.
Oh wow, I can't imagine losing my dad at 67. I hope you make it through these hard times, stay strong!
Haha... That sounds awesome. Wish I could carpool with her. I hate driving, but it sounds like she loves it.
That's a good way to do it. especially because it's easy to get those post-vacation blues. That's actually really smart
You don't have to tell me, I know you'll ace it! You sound well prepared.
Yeah, I know. Adrenaline gets to you. You're human. At least you were doing it in a sort of safe way, it sounds like. Some cops are just out to get you.
I would do that! Or call a friend over- Get a weapon too.
Man.. Good luck with that. Sounds like it will be hard to fight them. But I hope it works out for you.
I'm happy you got to avoid that!
Yes i do have 2 siblings, older brother and younger sister, but we dont fart in front of eachother, i love them!
Oh man! I grew up on that cartoon too!
Hahaha... Good point. I understand. Some things are just more important, fair point. My fault on assuming your age.
Yes, I hope so. Well, I hope your brother can put his degree to good use and make some moolah!
Not really, especially since they vary sometimes by region. We should just move to Europe, I hear they have great internet there because they actually view it as important.
sadly we all know that everyone and everything is going to die, but that is why we need to really live while we are able. Don't retreat. Embrace everyone who is close to you.
Hope it's a friendly one at least.
Maybe her first class seat should be on the royal porcelain seat!
It is.  It isn't healthy to be by yourself for too long.  Humans are social creatures!
Yea I totally understand where you're coming from. Hopefully someone nearby was able to call CPS or law enforcement.
Well there you go, at least you a got a positive out of a negative situation haha!
Oh wow, yeah that sounds gross! I agree with the wasted food too. There are starving people all around the world!
Im sorry, I know how much that stinks, like when you really really want Chickfila and its Sunday...
Well that was a surprise I bet.
Flying scares a lot of people but it's safer then driving over all.
She sounds like a wonderful person.
Thats so cool, do you have any othe children or just one? when you have more they are very competitive
I really hate bad drivers. 
Yeah, alot of times you just have to be reminded why you broke up.  I know there is someone out there for you, just stay positive and they will come your way!
Hopefully she doesn't do it again.
Yeah, especially fire ants. Those are nasty little buggers.
Yea, same, it's nice to be out of school. All that learning pays off though!
I hope you just walked away dude. Nothing good can come of that. I bet you were furious.
:( That is messed up, did he/she show any warning signs before their passing? It's not your fault by the way.
That wasn't nice of them.
I know she will make it.
You probably should have moved with a shovel of something, instead of running over it
I know right? Doesn't seem right. Especially with the whole Russian interference with the election.
I think mine have two weeks left.
I have never seen it.
That would be an amazing neighbor! I would be so worried!
Maybe you can renew your vows one day.
I understand
I do hope nothing of value was stolen. I would be frantic if someone stole my family heirlooms.
His tweets are rude and ill informed and he never apologizes for anything.
Did you get it free? I would be so annoyed!
That really sucks. Fortunate to hear that no one misused it though. They are typically pretty fast at sending you a new one.
They will find who did it.
How caring of you.
Yes, especially for all those emails they found on her private server. Despicable.
I sure hope that you did. Statistics is tough!
It has to be enough - that's the whole reason why we seek out a soulmate. I do hope things get better.
Yes I have won a few poker tournaments.
Ahhh, so you're upset at your past self? We all make mistakes, man, it's good. What we think is good for us sometimes turns out to not be, but hindsight is twenty twenty.
Yea construction zones are crazy, so often nooones there!
That could lead to a gambling problem! I always run away with my winnings.
Unfortunately, yes. I had to get a few staples in my head but my car was totaled...
Yup, I used to procrastinate all the time, but I think I am getting better at doing things ahead of time. And it feels so much better to get trivial things out of the way.
That is mean.
I could sure but I will be starting over on payments, I might look into it.
That is terrifying indeed! I hoped you swatted that beast with the biggest fly swatter available.
You'll do fine. I look at new things as adventures. 
Maybe if you post to social media, a bunch of random strangers will show up.
Yea, hope he can make it up the rest of the year.
Yikes! I hope you didn't have any car damage.
Oh god, that's the worst part. The shame afterwards....
Me too. Its always the worst when you are trying to get into the carpool line.
Make sure you drink water also.
Lol- sounds like fun! Nothing better than nice hippies!
Oh, I see. Your mom is an angel!
So sorry to hear that.  I hope that the pain fades with time.
Oh ok i get it, well you just will have to save longer, thanks God its painless!
I hope you had fun with her.
Hahaha, you are very adamant I see.
You totally aren't sorry. You are being super gross! lol. TMI
They are nice looking cars and I have heard are great to off road in!
I'm so sorry that happened to you, better luck next time.
Maybe you should slow down and only drink a bit at a time. 
Haha, yea, no one ever tells you how bad it really is. We get charged for every little thing.
Was she okay? Couldnt have been that bad
I guess they have never heard of a personal bubble.
That's great to know there are still good people in this world.
I bet that brought back a lot of memories! 
I love video games. 
Okay cool, I'm not that big into sports. 
That will be a nice change of pace! Do you have plans for retirement? 
I have seen them leave whole foods in movies. gross
I do to, but there are so many unhappy people in the world and they seem to think they have to make everyone else around them unhappy.
I haven't really watched it on TV but my family watches it sometimes.
How many hours did you put into it.
It's always good to have happiness even in times of worry and panic. So, I'm glad you still have some optimism!
I loved his song Starfish & Coffee when I was little.
That would be awesome. I bet it was a really great concert.
I hope so too, good luck!
Im sure they can figure something out. They might be able to remove the harddrive to recover the photos.
Yes it is. I would be furious!
Im sure she is in a better place. Looking down on you.
Well do you try to catch them lol? Thats insane We have a dog poop problem at my apartments
Oh geez- work on your side hustle and get out of there. I did a long time ago. Hate those jobs!
I know what you mean. I am always so sad when I see all of these sick children on tv.
Thats awesome. She will do great in college.
I'm glad that worked out for you, it could have gone in a completely different way.
Aww what a cute name. Hopefully you an your Mom made up, and maybe you got/can get another pet.
Oh man! It's hard when those accidents happen.
Good luck!
It would have sucked more if it was raining. Hopefully you have some good vibes come your way.
Well I am sorry to hear that. If you need anyone to talk to let me know.
Nope, unfortunately not, i was hoping to at one point but it never worked out. What did you study? 
Yeah! People tend to be lazy and not take down the posting once they have filled the position and the automated emails will send a canned response instead. 
Well, I hope everything turns out okay for you.
Irma last year
Tissue is so expensive, it's unbelievable
that makes sense, but I guess everyone needs food!
Yeah, whenever I miss my childhood I try to spend the time with the kids. So we can feel better.
Me too, I am so excited, since the Eagles just won last year!
That happens sometimes. Maybe you should take a break
I do too, TN, but I can't think of a soul food place here.
Oh ok I see. Im sure he will want a nap later. Hopefully that gives you time to recharge a little.
That must be hard. 
I have to take my kids to parks outside of our neighborhood.
That is good, that is a nice way to make a bit of extra money!
That's terrible.  I hope she's at least at peace now.
I tried to do the mobile game but I didn't get it lol
Hey that is nothing to sneeze at, I would take that in a heartbeat
Yeah, kids are just so adorable, watching them learn in front of your eyes is an awesome privelege 
You'll do great. Your parents must really b proud.
Hopefully she learns her lesson. 
Oh, I have hulu, I need to look into that!
Oh. Well keep looking. You will find something soon.
It happens really quickly. You forget everything then.
Hey, that's pretty cool! I'm majoring in social work. Those both are close alternatives to social work that I gave some thought to. Sometimes I think I should have done criminology, but oh well. I hope you enjoy your semester.
well thats a good start
that is terrible, that is not a good way to keep people
It was her who initiated the first move for us to split our ways. She said she was not feeling happy with me
That is probably true, but the stories we hear do not help
Yeah. It is difficult when you lose someone you're close to.
It sure did, it was the best vacation I have ever been on
Yeah, sometimes dads forget how young kids are and just do what they think is funny. My dad wasn't the best either at understanding how fragile kids can be. But he was still a good da
Still, school is about making mistakes and learning from them
I'd try not to be too down on myself over it.
It's good, but I'm a little nervous for them. I know they'll be fine.
of course
Oh, yeah you should definitely cancel in that case
Oh no!  I hope it didn't effect his team too much.
those days will not ever come again, we have to live with it
Oh, I am sorry to hear that!
That is no fun, leave the kids at home for stuff like that!
Oh cool - I haven't played all of them, but did playthe first one.
Wow those are not easy to learn either, good job raising them!
oh that's bad. I feel sorry for you.
Ah, well for some people, that is a very big thing!
did you check ebay ? its cheaper tehre
That's not bad. I want a 75 inch but I'm settling at 55 for now lol
Oh, well i hope the tides turn for you soon!
just in time for the holidays, nintendo is smart
Congrats! I bet that feels great!
Oh that's great! good for you him!
That's not good. Maybe they are trying to protect them better, but haven't figured out a good plan
Ah okay, well that makes a big difference
I understand that, it can leave a large void, my mom used to be like that too
We have to deal with it and try to move on. 
to me likewise I find it a super fun game
accepting .. but not in my case.. you are lucky i guess
Ah, that makes sense
The worst kind.  I bet they think they know what they need to do and get really annoyed when you try to help.
I am sorry? I do not understand
it was a long time ago, but I still remember it well.
4
I hope you overcome that situation with the help of your friends
I would tell them.. and if it happens a 2nd time then they arent very good friends to have! :/
Hired the same day though...she must have done really well, despite being nervous!
That is always a good feeling. I love when I am on top of things.
I bet that warmed your heart. My old friends won't even drive across the city for me. We always meet downtown.
Yeah, you should definitely bite the bullet (metaphorically).  It'll only get worse from here if you don't do anything, and it probably won't be as bad as you worry.
That's so nice to have someone to depend on.
Its the worst. I would complain to management. You cant be the only one it happens to.
Take your mind off of it and before you know it, you'll be filling out new hire paperwork!
Well ... God is in the hands of your doctors
Well, I hope you have a lot of fun in contact with nature
I rescue animals, it's best not to let cats wander outside. So many bad things could happen.
Sounds like you wanted to be the same as your cousin and not set apart. It may seem trivial now, but I know it wasn't trivial to you at the time.
He will need your support when he gets back. Just stay strong and know its for the best.
You sure can! Hard work is required to get something of value.
She lived a long life for a cat but its never long enough for us who they leave behind. I hope you feel better soon... 
Yes it is. It makes me want to homeschool.
Sometimes those things happen just when we need them. It would be nice if they happened for extra money too! lol
That's true. I wish you the best of luck!
We need good parents, that will make the world more human
Maybe it will be just what you need though. Time to really concentrate and learn and grow within yourself as an individual :) Maybe you will have a nice romance too
I takes a special kind of person to do what you are doing. Im sure that dog is already much happier in your care. 
well thats good of you! too bad it happened :/ but glad shes not upset 
Wow. Those are 2 fantastic news!
I've had those experiences as well. My family is also very precious to me. 
sounds like a good idea i hope her pain goes away asap! 
Oh that's like the reverse pregnancy. When the husband gains the weight!
I bet! What a bright young man you raised!
It sounds like a tough situation. I feel for ya.
I think England is a pretty safe country. That will be so much fun when you go there
Maybe you should ask your boss? Maybe he is more charasmatic. That happens sometimes. I am sorry. I've been there!
I hope she is getting the donations she needs to keep doing this.
I agree with that.  That animal is probably very lucky because of you.
is achieved at a steady pace ... it fills us with hope and happiness
Those kinds of people usually have the worse self-esteem. 
Hey sometimes thats even better. More financial stability is great.
Childhood seems to be a great time for most, but then we wanted to grow up too fast.
That is awesome. Congrats!
Going isn't fun, but unfortunately it's necessary some times. I hope you feel better soon.
really kind of you! 
Oh my god. You shouldn't just get over it- it is not right. Betrayal is something no one should do to another.
That is hard! I am glad she sees her worth and is going to get more education.
That is very brave.  I a sure you will do great!
ahh ... then you have to support it
I always hate when work gets in the way of having friends. It's always one way or the other.  If it's not your schedule it's theirs
That's good. Sometimes bosses think they do it all by themselves.
That is really impressive considering summer is really tough to learn that!
That should be a very fun trip for you.
That's awful. Try asking for the manager next time. 
I know how that is.  Good luck with your search!
Yea, it is a lot of expenses people don't prepare for soemtimes.
Wow. How does one get a new car every month. Must be loaded.
I will get there one day.
stabilize things first, then save regularly.
Thats the way to do it! keto has helped me a lot. Yes a lifestyle change versus a diet.
I hope you guys let her know how appreciated she is!
Oh man! You're right for punishing him. Theft is very bad!
Wonderful! Rescues will help you with contracts and getting them fixed if you need help. Fix those babies up :) Thanks for keeping them safe!
She sounds wonderful. I'd definitely want to be friends with someone like that.
I can understand that
MY first work from home was stressful I had to send the kids to daycare. Not anymore!
Yeah, it's very important to finish school so you don't have to work three jobs just to survive.
I don't think they know where they're going. Probably just trying to get home.
I understand where you're coming from. I would probably feel the same way in your shoes.
That does sound pretty good. I mean, working from home is great, but doing it on your own time is way better.
You will be the talk of the break room.
Better to be single than be with weirdos.
I've never seen that before
We need more people like you. The world would be a better place.
That is definitely good, I am not that fortunate! 
I know the feeling. It can be hard getting back out there.
People can be so lazy and inconsiderate of others.
Take lots of pictures, so you can remember it!
I guess the teacher wasn't going to listen to you? That sucks.
Oh I love those. They always have great selections and the desserts aren't bad either.
try to get some rest beforehand.
Totally, and I bet most people would walk off with it. I have no faith in humanity.
I felt like that when my kids were younger. Doesn't feel like that now they're teenagers. It'll be ok just act natural
That sounds really great. Happy for ya.
I don't stretch myself too thin. I know I'm far from rich.
Jesus. That's terrible. I hope you get a breather from that.
I bet it is. When things like that happen it makes you really value where you work. Makes it enjoyable.
You all can still spend time together separately even if you can't all be together. Have to make it work.
Still, that's still great. You better knock on some wood though, just in case. Don't jinx it!
Three hours though. I don't think I would've made it.
If only people were more considerate of others. It's not just them in the world.
hahaha I bet there are.
I would be afraid of animals and bugs I think.
I took my kids to the beach and now every time we leave the house they ask if that's where we are going. 
That is horrible. Just think it could have been worse. You could have wrecked and totaled a car or a house burnt. Lots of things are worse.
that actually makes sense to me.
Oh gosh, I'm sorry to hear that. Hang in there, there's a lot of great guys out there.
going to have to do something...call somebody to help you.
How exciting! The first day of school is always so fun. 
Well, next time try telling her the truth, like , I am too tired right now, can we do it another day. and that way you won't feel bad.
Lol. I think that's more hard work, but you'd only have to do it once lol
Dang that is a pretty slick ride...how close are you to buying one
Some people are so petty.
That's great. I went to Europe for a while and came back to the more of the same stomping around above my head. It was a dream to get away.
Its not that bad. I'll get to Europe one day lol
Are those by Kanye West? Not hip with the lingo.
Nothing like redneck engineering. Did you use Flex tape.
of Mike Tyson
Seems fair, they don't value your time it seems like.
I hope the party turned out to be a great success because of his help.
Oh no, I couldn't imagine! I'm so sorry!
Idk ourselves maybe? lol :D
haha well that's a pleasant surprise...what kind of car
I do actually quite a few mainly old country songs like daddys hands is a big one super oldie! :) 
Sorry to hear that.  I'm positive you'll be smart about your lifestyle choices though
you should do it again just for the heck of it 
That's right ... I wish I could do that ... disconnect
Oh no! That's even worse! Did you puke a little? I would've thrown up!
Always good to trust your spouse, but I would be on the fence a bit and have my eye out too. 
Yeah i would say the same to him too man.
That's pretty cool
wow that really is TOO young! Lets hope its nothing serious. He will get thru it regardless. 
I am glad you are okay
omg i cant wait to see what that feels like as a parent congrats! 
That's the worst, I'm sure it was an annoyance!
That's cool. I was 17 when I first moved out.  Now I'm 26, fully self-employed and hang out with whoever I want to.  But I had to have a lot of faith in myself
That is pretty awesome! I wish i could do stuff like that.
That's so kind of him! What a dad!
I am sure you will, good luck
Even if you feel you voted for the wrong person, you shouldn't worry.  You will be able to vote for a new person in a couple years!
I am sure you are going to excell
Awesome!  Congrats to you on that unexpected windfall!
You definitely will trust me
It can be annoying
I can imaging.  He sounds pretty spineless and shady.
I am sorry that happened to you
The same for me, i try to keep them close.
That's awful, I'm sorry.
Nice that's pretty smart...always go with your instincts
Well she is still pretty young and learning to handle animals probably be like her father sooner or later./
If he's not meeting your standard then it's time to find a new boyfriend - even if that's the hard thing to do. You shouldn't ever lower your standards.
That wont be too hard
Berry sounds like it would be very tasty.
I'm glad nothing bad happen, snake venom can really mess you up...
I know the feeling.  Just broke up with my ex-gf 5 months ago.  But he/she is out there, chin up :)
Oh oops, my fault for assuming. Definitely an intense experience either way as you said.
Can't go wrong with a spittoon. And it makes a nice conversation piece when you have visitors over.
Your friends care a lot of you and that's always a great feeling! I hope you had fun!
I hate being that drunk
I've had those days before. I would just take it as a lesson and try to control your drinking next time when important events are in the near future.
Yeah, I have a dog and I take it to the park sometimes. It can help you feel less lonely for sure.
That would be nice. Maybe he'll go and buy some candy from the candy store.
I advice not to trust anyone ever. Stay to yourself and be sad my friend.
Well hope you didn't have flashbacks of it too often.
Wow you're pretty lucky...I can never win those things
Nissan's are top of the line. I hope you get a lot of use out of it.
That is a good dog then
That's good to hear, I hope he feels and gets better
If he's taller/bigger than you it would make sense if he doesn't gain any weight
Hey, we all pig out at some point
If you need someone to join in, just let me know!
Don't be so hard on yourself.  Most people can't even spell physics.
I am sorry, I hope you find it
Sunny days are very hot and i do not like that.
I assume you were very prepared!
I think you will do pretty well then in a street fight.
That's pretty cool.  Grew up with the Gameboy Color and Gameboy Advance myself
Your neighbor is a good person. I would have...given it back to you haha.
Yeah, our dogs need to be punished and maybe trained more.
Sometimes playing by ourselves is how we get better.
I am sorry that happened
They are! Cedar Point has some gnarly roller coasters too.
Sorry to hear that, recovering from any pet lose is hard.
Maybe it was because you saw your brother get attacked by one and you are scared it might happen to you.
I understand.
Man, very sorry to hear that. First your mom, now your aunt. Sounds like you have very unfortunate relatives.
That sounds so nice
Well, I'm sure you can find a recipe online that uses spent lottery tickets.
Lol, I bet that a good looking sandwich then.
Dentist aren't people focused on trying to hurt you.
Don't worry... you only live once!
Mine was from being in one and just being nervous about having to be in charge of things.
Well thats nice. I thank god for my wife as well
That is also very important to learn.
Yeah, isolation can happen when you get super sad. At least you are feeling better now
Maybe it wont happen again
Don't worry.  I'm sure you will never make that mistake again!
Yay! I love happy endings
That is even worse, Like why would someone just do that when commited to someone.
If my friends did that I would have a heart attack.
Damn, you suck at soccer. Just kidding, good job!! lol
He will get better
I'm sorry, I've dealt with something like that before and it can be very anger inducing.
Oh.. thats horrible.  I am so sorry.
Alone time is important but you will go crazy if you are always alone.
I hope you feel better
Range Rovers are my favorite too. If you work hard you can get one!
Well have you been living a happy life? She would probably be happy about that.
It can be hard, but its possible
I know right? It's even more worse when it's hot outside and it cooks to your car so it's harder to clean up
Poor thing, it's not fair! Drivers need to watch out!
Well i would just be happy nothing too bad happened at least.
That's even worse. I hate being lost in general
No one really likes me enough to do that for me.
Oh Congratulations...  That is a huge accomplishment!
That is tough i bet. I hope he heals well.
Nice! I hope you guys did a lot of catching up!
I'm so sorry, you should see if you can find him on social media!
What did he look like? I would call the cops if they are stalking you.
I would have sat there playing for hours.
Probably could be a new species of gator.
Congratulations!  Studying really pays off!
It's okay, most people would do that and not even care, so the fact that you even have the trashman in your mind shows that you're a good person.
I hope he feels better and you could be there for him too!
At least you recognize that it may not have been appropriate. 
It is not often that you get good service at a restaurant.
Now I am in the mood for Netflix!  Enjoy the new series now that you are relaxed!
This is why i got rid of all of my friends.
HAHA!  That is the best tradition I've ever heard of!
Oh wow. Well, I really hope you enjoy the new job! I have a feeling you'll do just fine.
They say some of the smartest people are procrastinators.
Haven't heard of it but since your son's going to be on it i will watch it.
Yikes he's one of the zombie drunks.   That's unfortunate.  Drinking might not be for him.
That's really interesting. I know my husband is bad about leaving his laying around and forgetting where they are. When he finds them again it is such a surprise.
So everything is okay then? That's good news!
Oh I understand. They say time heals all wounds, I hope it does in your case as well.
That won't happen. Even if it does, the judge may have a good laugh and cut you some slack.
I know the feeling i had my grandmother gone for 5 years now still miss her.
If you live under his roof then you should obey him.
Me too, I just have to set a bunch of alarms and try my best.
That's good to hear. I'm sure you feel very relieved now.
Everyone needs a IT guy though so probably.
That is really disgusting. I don't think I would ever eat at his house. 
There's always next time, you just need to study harder!
I wouldn't wish that on my worst enemy.  I feel so bad for her.
Well I hope it all works out in the end somehow.
hahaha funny.
Man, i would have left and walked out right away.
Wow, that is thoughtful.  Thoughtfulness will help him go a long way in life.
That's such a shame. And shame on his brother, too!
So what was it?  You are making me scared.
You should probably see a priest then.
I hope they can take it back for you.
Vacations are sooooo nice!!!  I hope you have an amazing one@!
I hope you aren't too lonely!
Sometimes they have a reason, and it doesn't make him a bad person depending on the reason.
Maybe you have a budding chef on your hands.
The times we share with family should always be cherished.
Oh man, that sucks. You can enjoy the day on your own! Forget them then.
I hope not either but it's sweet!
We always need to make time for our families.  They are the most important thing in this world.
I love thrillers. I watched Killing Eve.
Smart man smart man.
oh, that's a cute one.
Oh that makes a lot of sense now then.
Make him Facebook famous. The Viral terrible mail man. 
Well, I'm sorry that this was sprung upon you, but I hope you have a safe trip!
Oh just a nail? You are a nice person.
Get that man a wife!
They are going to have so much fun with it.
She's showing she's responsible. I think she'll be just fine growing up.
Law is a pretty tough career. You must've worked hard, and I'm sure that will pay off.
I have seen many relationships be destroyed because of time and space. Good luck to you all.
Over 2 decades. That's a long time.
Best of luck with that.  Hopefully you will do fine and save a ton of cash.
Ramen is delicious! I eat them even when I'm not worrying about money.
Whoa! Make sure to bring money for food or bring frozen drinks. And lots of sunscreen and comfy shoes!
That sounds so fun.  I hope I can do that some day, too!
There you go. Sounds like fun.
hahah I was kind of concerned but didn't want to ask. Glad that is the case then.
How do you cheat a little. Either you cheat or you don't.
i loved the ed gein documentary 
That is thoughtful!
That's an amazing feat. Studying is kind of a chore for me.
that is so cute.  I had one of those.
I am sure she will be fin
I wish I could be more like you. 
I'm sorry. That is a really tough situation. I'll be thinking of you and hoping for the best.
And when you do yours it will be that much newer than hers ;)
Oh man. Well I used to cuddle a dog when I would get scared. Find a dog
I hope everything turns out okay.
Are you kidding me? The nerve of some people. How desperate do you have to be... Well, I hope you can at least replace the present so your son isn't too sad. And at least they didn't try to bust into your home and harm you.
Well if you do choose to spend it make sure you do it wisely!
I hope they do for you as well. Thank you!
You better come up with something.
Oh don't worry, accidents happen!
I agree, I love farms because it feels so natural.
Don't stress over it. You can't change anything at this point.
Well she was just rude then. Not your fault at all.
You say that but it sure is nice!
How long is the work gonna take? I hope you don't get any weird power outages.
Yea, Mcdonald's can be so hit or miss sometimes.
Well. Maybe youll get a promotion.
That's impressive. I bet you are more than prepared for this trip then!
I bet you were so happy! That's so awesome!
I bet he was proud too
If I had a chance to rescue an animal, I would totally do it. 
Oh no! Yes it's the number one thing to not forget. I hope you all have fun!
I would hit it out of spit now
That's always nice to hear. Better that then hearing someone else getting the spotlight and recognition just because they're in a higher position. I hope that keeps happening for you.
Dinner might be a welcomed surprise.
I know, the free time is the best. You can do whatever you want, whenever!
Just don't do again and I'll keep your secret.
I do believe you
Well, good. I hope they got a lot of negative press. That stuff shouldn't fly these days. 
I feel bad for the parents then
Oh man. That's too bad. Still not fair.
It must have been really scary movie then.  Try leaving the tv on to help.
It will be fine. Make sure you spend time with her and let her know that it will be okay. It can be helpful/
Lol! Maybe the rat is the chef? The restaurant's secret is a rat in the hat!
That can get really lonely but it's good to find yourself so you are really ready when the right one comes along.
I think I'm a little rusty in that department myself.
That's unfortunate. A week is a long time.
That's really sweet! I bet that was a nice scene. Was it a special occasion, or did you guys just want to enjoy yourselves just for the heck of it
That's a good idea. It's extra money so do what you want!
I hate that smell
He should become an English teacher1
I am sure you will make it
That;s cute. I love the cute names people give their pets.
Ha Ha. Just try to do better next time.
I bet she loved it!
I hope so too. I'm sorry that he is going through that.
That sucks. How old is she because if she is young she may grow out of it
I actually did buy that one on Steam but it barely has any players :(
I've heard of that dish before. I need to try it sometime, can I come?!
I have been there too, it will get better
That's wise - it's irresponsible to let kids meander in the kitchen alone. Too many sharp objects.
Sometimes people think they don't need to study, but it really is helpful even if you think you know the material
That's good, I'm sure she enjoys seeing you happy and taken care of.
Well, let her know here and there how much you appreciate it. Sometimes we forget that even though we think and feel certain things, it's not always obvious to the other person. They need some verbal confirmation of appreciation!
Honestly, I have no idea. But it beats eating vegetables 1 by 1 because that takes forever
You can always start again tomorrow.
That's where earmuffs or plugs come in handy my friend
Hopefully that little mishap doesn't cot you anuthing!
Well, now I know where I want to visit too. Great idea!
You're right, he was pretty good as Bane. Glad to see someone else is a fan and is looking forward to it.I see it getting a lot of negativity.
Nice, I bet it sucks when it's blazing hot outside.
It will be October as soon as you know it, trust me. Hopefully they release a beta so we can play it earlier.
That sounds insane honestly.
What's your uncle's number? lol
Yeah, I get like that. I sometimes drive somewhere just to get the feeling I used to have there. Crazy how life goes.
It's always good to save money, but still, it stinks.  They should have to make them good for the prices they charge.
Congratulations on the strong marriage and car!
People do that sometimes, and it is really sad.
Ohhh, duh! I should have seen that coming lol
Yeah, that's a load of whack. I hope you win your case and show those pigs who's boss.
I believe in you!!
I heard it's really graphic and a lot of sex scenes. I will watch it...for educational purposes.
Just imagine if you found a mix tape on an actual cassette
Eww, what the heck! I guess you really were at a bad place at the time.
Oh, then don't feel bad? I think the teacher is trying to get everyone else involved.
If I ever meet you, I will toss a few bucks your way. We all have to help each other out in this tough world.
Well good for you!
I would not do that, just get a divorce and take half of all.
Well as long as you have studied hard you should do well. Just relax knowing you have prepared yourself. 
There are.  The people who ignore you are not worth your time or effort.
She likes you! If she asks/talks about you then you have a much better chance too.
Perhaps. Or you just need to keep trying. Don't give up on your dreams so easily!
Did you really just say that hahaha. You are crazy
Oh darn. Better luck next time.
I feel super bad about that, i wish the best for you.
Yeah! By the end of the year, we'll be lifting Ford F 150's!
Oh, well good luck. Have you heard of Wim Hof? He's like a world record breath holder and he does it in freezing temperatures too. 
Lol, if only we can understand dogs and listen to what they are saying. That would be hilarious.
Ah, hate's a strong word. They're smarter than we give them credit for. They know you always feed them. At the end of the day, I doubt she could have a much better owner
Oh wow. I really hope that you get the help you need. I can relate though...I used to be reckless like that a couple years back. Just have to be responsible and arrange an uber or some other form of transportation.
Thanks for that information.
It was still a nice gesture. I would love my children to build be a big ole gazebo.
eventually they will forget. They will probably do something even more embarrassing then the joke will be on them. haha.
I'm very glad, and I understand how the memories are.
You do. I mean it can only go one of two ways. And if it goes one way, you can try again with another girl.
Well they will have insomnia and sore bottoms haha
I agree.
I can relate to that!
That's my exact situation too.
I'm with you. Sometimes responsibilities get too overwhelming and you feel like you have to hide from them. At some point though, I'm sure you and I will improve.
You have to try, it could change your life.
Congratulations. We don't share the same sentiment.
Life is a scary place, anything could happen at any time.
I have never had siblings, so not sure what to tell ya.
You should have called the police. If they were just vandals they probably did it to someone else to.
I would be, too. At that age, they don't understand why they can't have it. It's like talking to a brick wall. I hope it gets easier for you as he gets older.
I totally agree with you
You and me both. 
Wow, that's some really slow shipping times. Maybe you will get lucky and they will come in the mail sooner.
I am sure you could
Wow, you can teach an old dog new tricks.
I think being with children is a joy that not everybody can understand
That sucks. MY sisters dog used to roam the neighborhood a lot and one day he didn't come back either. His name was Oreo. I told my daughter he got married.
I love New Orleans.
I am very sorry to hear that
That was nice of them.
I am sure he will have fun.
Neighbors, co-workers.  Try and get involved in local sports or comunity groups.  How about volunteering.  That is a good way to meet people that are positive
I think the overall chances of that are pretty low. Though I do understand your fear.
That's great to hear, often times we here of people who hate their bosses!
I am so sorry to hear that
I am sure they have fallen before, no big deal.
I can understand that. That does sound like a difficult thing to deal with. Hopefully you have a lot of nice memories you can look back on to remember her by.
Indeed. Nature is very interesting and complex to interpret. Survival is the only mechanism that drive us to have certain physical features
That's really cool... And also way above my head! But seriously, that sounds like smart, hard work. You should be proud. I'm glad you got that "moment in the sun."
I would have been unable to move for the rest of the day!
Yeah, she and I don't use social media, but I can imagine that'd be really helpful in your case. Well, I'm glad you at least have that. And maybe it will open up the possibility for you to meet new people, too.
Check with your community center
I do not have any kids. Honestly too scared for child birth haha
Wow, you guys meet pretty early on. That's nice that you pretty much grew together as you became adults.
Happy early birthday then.  Drink up!
Yes that could be very annoying.
Oh, I hope it was ok. I understand you not being able to stop.
Oh, that makes sense. I had no idea, since I've never used them. That sounds really inconvenient. Maybe they were waiting for the perfect moment to strike... What chumps.
Well that's good that you use this as a reason to stop speeding. Some people never learn!
I think climate change will only exacerbate the freezing temperatures during winter season
I think you can do it.
is he allergic to that type of food? If not you need to transition him slowly! But that's funny lol
That sounds like a great experience!
I agree with you. Having a good coach is crucial for team success.
That does surprise me actually.
I can kind of see where you're coming from. I personally try to avoid too much nostalgia. Others seem to love it.
I wish I had that level of willpower to even lose a couple of pounds from my hanging waist fat
Oh cool. What was you favorite thing at the square? 
That is hard.  I am so sorry
I hope you have a great time!
You will have to study harder then.
How weird it may seem, but my mom still gives me children's book as a gift for each Christmas
I hear that.  You hang in there
I just set short term goals along the way.
Don't ever forget why!
Make sure you get there early.
I love my dog, i still cheat on it.
That football starts.
Well that awesome to hear! I hope you do get it soon!
It is nice that he wants to stay connected I guess
hahah oh man finally that is so good! Congratulations on your children
Thats scary! I hope that you aren't pregnant then!!
you can always adopt, thats what we did!
I bet that was really heartwarming. I'm glad you had that experience. 
Hey! Girlfriends just need an ear some time. 
oh okay I see lol chugging reminds me of high school
I am sure that you will be a great parent. You clearly show that you already love your new born daughter.
I would cry and cry for days.
But you just said you do like them.
It was ok, but while on the train I lost my phone and somebody returned it to me.
I'm sorry to hear that.
i would have fallen asleep for sure.
Yea, I feel that it is worth every second of it! They are the reasons we exist
I understand.  It will happen for you if you keep an open mind and don't rush
Maybe your dog has learned it's lesson.
Wow, sounds like you have good fiends, and it was fun.
That's a blessing too. I happy that my family is healthy too.
That is really ridiculous that they shut it off over just $1 though!
I'm thinking of a time that a party was thrown for me as a surprise. All those people getting together was really fun.
Old memories that are good tend to help me emotionally and mentally. Not those that were distressing
That is okay, at least she was honest with you about her preferences.
I would like to think that I wouldn't but if it were that or die, I'd eat.
That's perfect then, i'm sure you did a great job@
I could not even imagine how mad your parents must be.
That is just adorable! You should take many photos before it grows too big!
 i am working
I don't blame you at all. You just received life changing news.
It is challenging to raise children. Everybody could use a hand.
It's such a difficult situation that you just don't know where to begin.
that is upsetting.  I am sorry to hear that
no
Maybe it's time to look for another job.
Sure you can, work for yourself!
It's our responsibility to take care of our parents. 
You must have been so proud!
Great ages to have lots of fun with.
That is awesome!
I would love a vacation!
I love beating others.
I agree with you
It sounds like that experience made a lot of amazing memories for you.
that is good to hear
Ha Ha. They all are until they run.
That is really cool
It must have been really good to keep you scared afterwards.
you must be very clever
That sounds good.  
Im sorry. That must have been hard,
I can barely even talk!
It's happening all around. If we're repeating the same, it'll become a bad habit.
I think I would stop doing that. Jail doesn't appeal to me.
I partied like crazy after graduation.
Well that's understandable.
Oh wow!  I have actually worked there too
You brought yourself. I am a glass half full type of lady lol
You have a strong foundation. Even if she wavers she will return.
Good for you. I like a positive attitude.
Being courteous isnt that hard. People just dont try
Well thats good if its quiet.
Oh, be positive, try your best.
Oh well it wasnt on purpose. People lose things.
Lol. Well good luck. Job searches can be tough.
Don't engage with him he will think that your interested.
You probably shoulf have told them that wasnt a decent thing to do. 
ok
I'm sorry to hear that. You'll find somebody good soon!
Oh you mean soccer lol
There's always hope in a new beginning.
Well thanks for nothing lol
Yeah - I don't see why someone would spend so much either.
Maybe I will try one day.
ya i am interesting to help for people
Maybe her body clock is out of whack.
Omg. I love her. 
I'm sure you would with all that experience!
I have no idea who that is. Sorry.
That does not seem very nice.
That's good that you can get through and hopefully still care about each other.
Shame on you. 
You can make it every month! Have fancy dress parties for the kids
I bet I enjoyed it when I was 30 and pregnant!
That's good he is nice like that.
Biology isnt as easy as I thought either.
Cool. Ive done that before.
Me too. It's not fair. Just message me her address and $1000 and I'll do it :-)
Oh dear. Maybe you don't need a man - I'm one and can confirm that they are messy, noisy and rude.
People should be more considerate though.
I couldn't imagine my kid going so far as to hide something like that from me. Maybe she was just scared of how you would react.
Oh. You're welcome lol
I know exactly what you mean.
You shouldn't give up on your government.
That was nice. 
Well next weekend come out with me and the rest of the group, bet we could find you a few interested guys.
What happened? I thought you guys were attached at the hip? 
I hope everything works out for you.
Oh man. That's so sad.
I love the sunshine, it's great.
I can understand that viewpoint. It's a very complicated issue though!
That's great. Keep up the good work
That IS annoying.
thats my favorite food too! no wonder it was lovely. you should cook italian food often then
I'm sorry the hear that, maybe next time.
Accounting jobs are usually high paying j.
Good. WEll done then.
Don't give up! 
Congratulations. That's amazing!
It seems like everything worked out for him.
Nice!  Was it on a summer time? 
I agree, be sure to keeping up the good work! 
Wow, that is so disgusting.
I like to have a set of goals for the week to accomplish.
Wow.You must feel angry about that
I am sorry to hear that. Hopefully its a treatable disease! 
Anyway  you have to find a way of better explaining  ,hope he'll  understand? 
It has happened to me as well. Its very annoying when it happens.
You should not lend money to anyone,even if it is your friend
Me too - I get very stressed if there's even a chance of being late.
Oh my. I would be angry if that happened too.
Uhmmnn!  That's awful!  
Wow, I am so happy for you!
It is very much worth it in the long run.
Well, can only wish you luck!  You need to be bold 
That can be tiresome. I hope you had it all handled at the end
Well, I hope you do better this year.
I agree, he needs to stop isolating the U.S.
You are very lucky.
I can imagine so
I think I will, I'm very curious now. You think they would want to use their time more wisely.
You better find a way to make that up to her.
I see, turn that jealousy into motivation to get that Acura!
I remember my surprise too. She tricked me all day and said she wasn't pregnant.
Well ,that goodness you were not caught, that would have been expulsion 
Yay that is awesome! Sometimes not knowing the gender of the baby is a very cool surprise they say.
Awww I am sorry.  At least she showed you how to make it!
yes that can be a huge problem. I'm so sorry you're having to go through that.
All people are the same.I understand why you feel ver sad and I guess frustrated too
That must have been very upsetting. It happened to me back in 6th grade.
That would make me so mad!   I wouldn't even want to go to work!
If you plan on having a kid it will happen.
I like the little roller coasters myself.
Thats not a very good friend then. accidents happen but you should own up to them :/ have you considered suing in small claims? youd at least get your money back to get a new phone
My main one is to become a mother. I also want to be out of debt ASAP.
Ah that's a tough situation. Maybe some subtle hints would work best, like leaving a deodorizer near his room.
Action films on the big screen are very exciting with the loud sounds and visual effects!!
you can read something
I'm glad to hear that.
i bet i would be too 
holy! thats a lot but she will get good use out of it 
oh my god 
Football is pretty much the only sport I like.
Congrats. You must be very proud of yourself.
well you could always take him out or do something he would like to make up for it im sure he wont mind 
I do love those kind of memories
Ahh, well I am sure you will have blast!
That sounds like a very eventful day!
i would have been too thats really cool 
i hope she forgave you
Having a good looking body is not just to look good its also a reflection of a healthy life. You should try and keep it.
keep like this ... happy
I am happy you worked it out. Stay loyal to each other. It's the most important thing
I am sure it will begin soon
it sounds like it well i am glad everyone is okay 
Hopefully she will forgive you for it.
Oh my, I can see why. It must have been very noisy and animal-like
Where are you camping? 
I am sorry for your loss. 
Yeah that sounds really bad! 
You must be feel a bit guilty, but thats okay
awesome good for him... what will his career choice me now? 
She sounds creative
I am sure it really helped your self confidence and feelings of worth.
Just be civil as much as you can
It is good you had someone so reliable in your life.
That is pretty impressive
People tend to say that...which makes me more curious and wanting to be in one haha
that's right ... but you have to keep going ... I know that you will do well
that gives a lot of confidence ....
smart
some people really are like that though. I am not one of those people tho. 
i am happy for you
I mean I would never be able to afford that but if they can then it is nothing for them to do the routine care.
you have a great dad
it truly is
lol well atleast you are honest! 
you are a good friend,  i would never let my friend borrow mine
probably so either way still disgusting 
quiet, we're like that ... you're right
For now I just sweep it under the rug and pretend like it doesn't exist. So after that point my life is pretty much perfect
you are probably older now as well
Same I've put my parents through a lot.  But now I'm trying to be the best version of myself so I can eventually pay them back
ill try my best and see where it gets me 
Wow...You need to find a new place to live because that's completely unreasonable.
Wow, that's pretty bad. I would complain to someone higher up, because that's just disgusting! 
It does motivate me too! 
I love things that remind me of my childhood, it is even more fun to share it with our kids
Yeah, that's a scary thought.  I try to think about what I can leave behind, and hope there's something past death.
Yeah, I think that's a good idea. I hope it all turns out for good.
That is great!  It was all worth it in the end.
Young people never appreciate the danger of speeding.
ouch , gargle some whiskey
they should be nicer! i'm sorry they are so inconsiderate
Probably a lot are on vacation  ,especially now.
I hope it comes back.  Fertilizer is always an experimental thing. Plants are so finicky.
Possibly, but I doubt it could be worth anything. I would have thrown it out.
i love the old days as well
tell me about it. i even talked to them several times but they don't care
Wow!  Definitely be careful then!
A friend got one used down there near Spartanburg.
Well maybe you can practice and get better at it for when your baby is older.
I see, healthy relationships should be cherished!
I undertstand that, I would be very upset as well
Wow, that is a good run though, great job keeping it running!
sure
Yeah, it takes a long time to get over .  And it's never easy.
It makes me feel sick as well, I hit a bird once and almost cried
Thanks. I guess you are quite happy about everything.
around christmas right
not yet, I am still young
That is a great attitude and outlook to have!
I unsderstand that entirely
I'm glad to hear it.  It's great to have found someone.
Weren't we are like that...
You should, there are tons of age appropriate games like Mario Kart and Splatoon!
He doesn't have anything else to prove to anyone
awww, a 1 year old.  I miss when my daughter was that young.
at least he didnt hit you
Yeah, I wonder what has made it so mean.
You can always talk to me. i'm here for you
Sorry to hear that.All we can do is learn from it,really.
You must have been quite relived that it was just your dog!
Im struggling myself, with 5 kids and 1 big kid (my husband) I feel like I should just buy a farm to be able to keep up. LOL
i hope everything will go back to normal asap and i hope he will apologize for making you feel small
I agree, going through life alone would be boring!
That is good, that takes a lot of work!
i am glad you are in a better place now
you're right ... then the umbrella always at hand
That is not bad then, that is being a kid
That is crazy how time flies like that! Next thing you know he will have a girlfriend
That is correct. It painful to see your loved ones been hurt
Wow, congrats, I know that is not a fun process at all, so great job!
Well, it can also depend of your communication skills and how you can entice employers
That is not bad at all, best of luck with that!
That is a great place to be.  Count your blessings!
Which system was it? My message got cut short, but I love nintendo, the switch is amazing!
what do you do
Oh, that should be awesome, have a great time!
Why did she break up with you? Was it a long term relationship? 
You just have to stay positive dude, happiness is a relative concept.
you are very ambitious
Hahaha We take those things for granted! Happy belated birthday!
That's good.  The only thing that matters in the end is our lives and health.
i for one have not start saving yet
Moderation in driving is important to avoid dangerous situations
well that sounds more pleasant
Always been a fan of Corona though lately I've been chugging Hurricanes and Keystones
That's great! i see you trust her so much, you have wonderful relationship with her
Did you check everywhere in the room? maybe she has a surprise  gift hidden somewhere for you to find out
Yes I will pray as well. But try not to let it bite your conscience. 
I get that, I am the same way
That is great that you have that kind of relationship.
Good, being safe is all you can ask for!
I will have to ask him about the Super Smash Bro's game. Most likely he's looking forward to it as well!
tell me why
I like Vodka, but mixed with stuff to kill the taste, I hate beer though, it is nasty to me
it could have been worse you know
They are pretty talented.
yes they will believe in it
Many people did, he was a likeable fellow!
That is for sure, with online bullying existing now too
I think it is better to a few really good friends than a lot of acquaintances.
What are three traits that got you to where you are now
what system do you have
Ah okay, that makes sense, at least it was sort of legal!
hahaha you are funny
I was in the US when I saw it thought it has been a while since it happened.
What kind of work do you do
I guess I can agree with that. I don't like it when people criticize millenialls too much though. Baby boomers didn't do that great either.
I imagine, but i am sure the family will be reunited soon.
Not all people would be that way, and I think for the most part most people would take responsibility for their actions. 
That is too bad. I bet you were not happy.
Aw :( I bet other people appreciate you a lot!
I dunno if I'd go quite that far, but you do you :P
That was very lucky timing.
That might be a good solution for you.  Let her catch all the flack for her tardiness.
I agree. You should bring that up to HR. 
Ah-ah, than it makes a lot of sense.
That's a tough decision for sure, but you definitely can't get fired for something like that, and kids are exposed to germs all the time.
Cool.  Do you still keep in touch with those friends
That is great to hear! I am happy for you!
dont feel everything goes good 
iam always happy to think about it. my childhood memory was a great part of our life
Cool traveling what are your plans so far
That's good :) But you are the wiser for it
You should definitely get a tattoo of his name on your chest
Maybe they just need some time to let the emotions settle a bit.
aw what was your favorite things to do while there
Good luck with any future business ventures.
A loss is never easy especially one in the family.
That is so amazing.  Are you a professional gamer? 
If the journey is tough then you are in the right path. So, she is heading in right way. Great.
I LOVE steak..just had some steak, brisket and fajitas yesterday
I would call the school and see if they can disclose that or maybe they can accept the card from you to give to her! 
Oh no!  I'm so sorry!  I hope you could pull your grade up!
You have a good set of morals. That's becoming more uncommon lately. So, good on you!
Those are good traits to have.  Good for him!
I wish you can achieve success in your projects.
That is great!
I know we are all different but maybe getting another puppy would help? 
No any more he is a lot older and does pretty good on his own , but the thing is he is always close by if we in the store together .Yes I do believe that the human are weird 
Parenting is hard, respect to you and your patience
That is terrible. I don't know why people like that bother getting a pet. 
i bet it was omg thats so adorable 
I cant even begin to imagine honestly im sorry you had to experience that 
I can imagine.  I hope it all works out for the best and that you are able to come away from this as a stronger person.
That is so happy to hear! It's the nice things like that that make it worth it to volunteer.
I hope he did well.
She scared me too, I hope you're not scarred for life!
Do you still keep in touch with the homies
Well in that case I hope they come home soon.  My family is just annoying mostly.
That sounds like good planning to me.
That is awesome. Things change a lot out of high school.
I have been there before.Your are gonna have a lot of fun.
oh try to politely get the truth by speaking in a diplomatic manner by not hurting her ego
If she is really good she could get a scholarship.
Oh no, I'm sorry! I hope she is feeling better, and you are too!
Yeah it is hard to imagine how they pulled that off.
5 years is a long time.You have a lot to catch-up.
What a great job to get. 
Sweet, we all miss those memories of them growing back. Mine are adults now
Oh that sounds super annoying! Sorry for that!
Oh it survived! What a lucky dog.
After some time passes though, you'll wonder why you were so sad.
That is very dangerous attitude to have. I would be very cautious as it may bring much unintended social consequences
that sounds really childish of him lol 
Wow!  Well, everyone makes mistakes, and if you apologized and bought her a ring, that should about cover it, lol.
You all have reason to celebrate.  You should throw a huge party to thank them.
That's great! I really hope you do get it, you sound very excited.
Yes it sure is! We must appreciate the things that money cant buy too!
Oh no. I hope everything worked out okay!
That's probably the best choice.  I was thinking you could use it to spruce up a new place a bit, which it sounds like you did :)
Yeah, after 21 they really are pointless.  Most of my birthdays, I enjoy a good dose of work all day, lol.
I hope things get better for you.
You should report them to the authorities
impressive my god! you really must be so proud... 
That's good, try to figure out what caused it!
sounds like a good reason to leave maybe i should spill juice on myself too lol 
I bet!  Maybe I should get my kids a dog for Christmas, I know it would be a great choice for them.
Oh okay I see. I understand, being healthy is important. I hope you are being sensitive to her feelings though, weight can be a touchy subject!
Then talk with him, try to reason with him
Yes, your happiness doesn't depend on nobody else.
Yeah I would be upset about that too.
sounds very cool id love to go listen someday 
How often do you fly? The more you do it the easier it gets.
That seems like a pretty crazy reason to throw away four years.  I am sorry that happened to you.
Honestly in Florida I see similar behaviors among some drivers. I'm not sure if they are rushing or just don't care.
Gotcha. Well glad it worked out for ya
that is a very good story
Ouch, I hope it wasn't too expensive.
I liked it better when it said releash I figured you had a lisp. ( lol joking ) I will check into it! thanks 
Glad to hear that.
jeez thank god! ugh glad you are okay 
I hope it's worth the wait!
Yes it is. I am glad you are there for your grandmother!
That is great! I hope your dog gets better fast.
Younger siblings tend to be that way sometimes.
I agree, it's better to overpack than underpack.
Just be strong.  She is in a better place now.
That is good, I'm glad she was okay. I once got hit in the face with one, so I know it can sting.
I don't think you should feel ashamed at all. Parent's are there to help you until you are able to manage on your own.
Then that's good! I am glad you feel confident, that will help!
That is great! I'm happy for you!
It's definitely a difficult position to be in, I hope your coworkers were understanding.
i'm so sorry to hear about this
I know you are scared, but this was a choice you made, now you have to deal with the consequences.
Yes she is! 
Oh well I'm sure there's always next year! Was it a fitness test or what
That is awesome! I'm happy for you!
You husband must be very happy with the style
Well in his business dealings in the past it probably served him well to be blunt and agressive.  I can see how that would bother some people
You should install security cameras around your house.
I definitely will! My mom is sick , so I plan on spending all the time with her I can!
I can imagine! I hope you're able to save a lot and have good financial security.
So you had chocolate covered ants! I bet thats pricey somewhere in another country! ha ha 
well hopefully she understands too, you seem pretty guilty about it.
Did you end up feeling like you had stronger defenses than the hurricane had strength when it reached your area? I mean in an overprotected kind of way.
I don't believe it is either. I'm so sorry to hear about your friend.
So you have relatively new computer essentials. Sounds like you are set for the next while.
Cool! I haven't been to a circus in years. I think I should go again soon.
I had a girlfriend who was really caring. Baked me a birthday cake, made me a scarf, and bought me clothes...but I messed it up and we're no long together but you live and you learn
oh yeah that's way too cold! I'm sorry you feel a bit homesick. Remember you are away because you are bettering yourself
That's good.  That shows your true character.
I would have bought more tickets hoping I was having good luck after that! 
You'll get over it. They're probably up in heaven watching over you now.
You are lucky to have a top-notch doctor helping you.
That must have been very entertaining to watch then. I'm glad you enjoyed it so much.
Oh, well that sounds like a step in the right direction at least. I hear vocational school is great for many different kind of jobs, usually more physical.
That is a good position to be in.  There have been millionaires made in crytocurrency.
I know, time fly's by so fast. Congrats to her. Just tell her to be careful on the road.
Wow that is a huge achievement! Any parent would be proud.
Keep trying and you will see improvments.
ok that is cool
Hopefully. Maybe she was having a bad day.
If all else fails, save it!
That really does not make a lot of sense.
really? that seems to be an amazing event
Yeah, that's my baby.  It learned to roll over after about 5 months.
That's happened to me before. I hate trying to get things like that settled.
Did the police come? I hope she got her stuff back
I always wish I was good at design. I've tried, but I'm pretty garbage, haha!
I do enjoy football, it means that fall is right around the corner and I love the weather
Oh oh I got you neat!  So stuff you used to play in as a kid.  That is nice of you, sports equipment can be expensive
Sounds like a grand old time.
That seems like a rather complicated situation than.
Yeah, that sounds hard. :/ I'm sorry you're missing her. 
That sounds scary! I hope it all ended okay!
Dang that sucks.  You should check out the brand Mizzen and Main, I heard it on a Tim Ferriss podcast once...dress shirts and pants that wick away moisture like underarmour
I live pretty minimalist. I have the things I need to enjoy life, like a home gym and a gaming computer while being able to afford living essentials. It doesn't take much for me to be happy.
That is true! I bet it is taking a lot of time, you must be exhausted!
Someone scratched my car and slashed my tires.
I know.I was just being sarcastic with you.
Oh well it's good they're still around.
you have to find the person who did this.then you should made the mess to clean it up
But good lovin' can be a bill.. if you know what I mean.
Sounds like somebody's thinking ahead! Do you listen to a lot of Alex Jones
It worked for me and my husband. We were going through the same type of thing for about a year.
Oh I mean talk to him in the way that he will understand. With love so that he reasons with you
That's good. I'm sure you will do good!
That's fantastic :) Nostalgia is an amazing thing
You'll have to congratulate him for me. What a great accomplishment.
She is probably working hard to provide a better life for the family.
I hope you can make her realize how grateful you are by being faithful
Seems simple, but nobody does it that way it seems like.
Oh man, just saying that name brings back nostalgia for me!
Well, she is in a better place for sure.
I agree. I can't understand how his supporters don't see it! I guess they don't WANT to see it!
I agree, but the journey makes it worth it. You'll meet new people and have new experiences.
Yeah that shouldn't happen. I hate changing the headlights on my car. They made it really tough to get to.
That's great! I'm sure that you are a very proud parent!
He just proved he loves you a lot.
I think we'll be fine.   Peopel talk a lot about a trade war but, leave out the fact that places like the EU already tax our goods at much higher rates than we tax theirs.      How can they call us raising our tariffs a trade war if they're still lower than what they bill us? 
I bet they will never challenge you again.
No, never barefoot. I hope you took a long shower. Smelling like dog poo wont get you any ladies.
That would be difficult! I can't imagine the pain you must be going through. Sounds like ya'll have good memories together.
Maybe it went better than you thought! If not, you still gained some experience from the day.
pets are good as they keep company
because in that moment is a gift and the last end of hope
I suppose. Training the next generation is important
Aw man, Im sorry. That sounds rough. I know how you feel. Time usually helps but it's pretty gradual. Hang in there.
I agree, the political system we have is a mess and I think it will get worse.
Wow I'm sure you'll be a great parent! Best of luck!
His was too. He had an ulcer that got very infected. Lost half his pinky toe.
You are gonna have to let go one day.It's gonna be hard
I agree that tensions are higher than ever! Hopefully our country will get on the right track soon, I'm looking forward to voting in the primaries.
That stinks!  Try not to be jealous though.  Something else will come your way.
You probably need to do some kind of therapy to supres these panic attacks.
Maybe you should mention that you just want a "guy's night" and he would get the hint? 
Yeah, I know how that is. I bet you won't forget it next time after having to endure all that.
Wow, that is very unfortunate. Maybe a camera nearby was able to see them.
What did you do? 
That's good though. I'm glad you were able to find something.
You could not read the room?? Someone was probably laughing at you.
I think you have to go for a check up first before you can conclude. It might be a harmless mole
No kidding! That will be a memory that you will be unlikely to forget!
We all have those moments! Sometimes you just have to shake it out of your mind and take a deep breath.
That will help him alot
Well that's all the more reason that you shouldn't worry about it! You deserved to have a day off after that long!
Yeah, my husband got a thank you like that at work recently and it made us so happy too. Congratulations!
Those were the good ol' days. Now they have way too many Pokemon. I miss the original 151.
You should buy yourself a nice treat once you get the promotion!
I am sure you are going to be a succesfull professional 
That's understandable. I'd probably feel the same way in the same situation.
I know, I am confident it will go back so I'm hanging on to this last bit. Good luck!
Nice, I hope you get a nice bonus check!
You deserve this raise and many more in the future.
I hope so one day! It's a goal of mine :)
Yes, I'd be very concerned about pets, too.  I'm glad your fiance got it before it caused anyone anymore trouble.
Holy moly! I am so glad you are okay. I'm sure that gave you quite a fright. 
I probably would not chop his tree down.  You want to have the moral high ground.  But yes I would confront him
Nice! I visited Spain not too long ago. I am positive you will have a blast.
Anything from Mario Party to God of War. It's always fun with friends around for commentary lol
I see, there are some jerks out there in this world.
Good that you finally took control of the situation
If you are prepared, then you will do fine.
Yeah they feed off of his crazy I think.
Congratulations to both her and you!  I'm sure she'll keep doing well in her new role.
I'm sure if you explain it to them, and maybe treat them to lunch another day, they'll forgive you, if they haven't already.
Mine took months to train forever. I was so happy when he finally learned.
Yeah, sometimes you have to do that to get better. I would take another dose if I were you.
I would kill for two weeks of R&R, good for you!
Sure does. I hope you continue to enjoy your new dress - you make me want to go and buy one now!
That must have been unpleasant for her. I am glad to hear that she is feeling better,
I would tell you to think of everyone in their underwear, but I am pretty sure that advice never works!
Hard work always pays off!
I am positive! I have been late before for the very same reason. Don't even need to make phone calls - they just give you a small late fee and that's it. I wouldn't go making it a habit, though.
Did Starbucks not make you a new one? I am definitely grumpy if I don't get my morning coffee! 
Haha that's really a cute story though.
Music therapy sounds very interesting.
That is a pretty tough word. I am happy your son did so great. You must have been beaming.
He will for sure get it next time. I'm sure you scared him enough haha
I prefer night flying as well.  I love how you can see the city lights moving, like it's the lifeblood of a living thing.
Try to conquer your wife again, it's never too late for a second chance, the love of our lives makes it worth the effort.
There's really nothing like college parties. Those were the days.
You are doing the right thing for him to learn discipline.
That's horrible! But, it could be many other things instead. I hope you go to the doctor
That is good. Hopefully he can pay you back.
Woah, that sounds like a very unpleasant experience. I hope it's never gonna happen to you again.
It's good to hear that your experience was fulfilling. I hope I can have a similar once someday.
Where you just use cash and put money in an envelope, when it's gone, it's gone, nothing left to spend.
Yeah, I always get a little anxious when you get pulled in for those meetings.    Is it going to be champagne or chewing
well i hope some better people get hired
Oh boy, you have need to invest in some Depends.
That's great. I was worried that you had to go hungry.
It souds like a storm forming.I have experience with thunderstorms.
Oh that is a real bummer. Your boss should appreciate you for giving good ideas.
Ford makes some pretty nifty cars! I have a Ford Focus myself. Not much, but it has killer gas mileage.
Im sorry you felt that way, I hope you start feeling better. Maybe go for a walk and get some fresh air.
Maybe the poor dog doesn't get along with other dogs.
Wow that's cool well good job winning!
That's a shame. If they did, you could've reversed the situation and summoned everybody over to throw down and have a supremo wine fest.
Good deal!  I am happy to help!
That's great. Have yo sent it yet? Congratulations, by the way. Wish you good luck !
I love Thai food, what a treat! I am glad that you had such a wonderful time.
I love finding old videos too!
Completely frustrating. I usually end up calling customer service and complaining until it's fixed if it happens repeatedly. 
Lol, that must have been a very proud moment for you as a parent
That is the best feeling.
That is a good attitude to have. I am proud of your maturity.
You might need to lay down the law and ground them!
Wow enjoy it, you deserve it!
I think you should fumigate your home
That is good to hear. You might consider joining some groups. Toastmasters might be a good one to look into.
Sometimes it is difficult to talk to relatives. Take a deep breath and treat her like a long time friend.  
Adding time to your commute from work to home is the worst.  I mean you've put in a full day, you just want to get home!
I'm sorry to hear that RIP doggo.   I have a rescue that's middle aged now. 
I'm jealous! That's so sweet and I hope you have a great time!
how about a hobble down the isle? I'm sure it will still be just as beautiful walking down the isle or not. 
Hopefully you have a strong family support.
not getting your coworker in trouble and causing a conflict
I agree. Trust is the basis for any good relationship.
The cigarette break is not a good sign at all.
I still remember the old tube tvs
That is a good idea.
No, no reason to he will do it.
always a plus.  That makes things easier
I'd be that excited too, I love to fish.
Like they say, hard-work never killed anyone
I hope nothing like that ever happens again.
Oh that would be nerve wracking! Good Luck!
That's a great name. :) My cat's name was Midnight. I had him it seemed forever. How long did you have yours
The downward spiral is neveer pleasent to see.
Oh no! A lot of kids that age seem to do that with cars they get, yet parents keep buying them new.
Not yet, I think you should talk to me about it.
Oh, well I'm sure she was worried, but disowning you doesn't help! And now she won't know your child. That's very sad. 
That's great I hope you get it!
Well that is good she prepared you, most parents just avoid the topic.
Yes teachers do alot and they deserve credit
I hope you had fun.
I can only imagine with the stress of a new baby.
You should
Everybody likes beach trips.
Oh I don't know. Probably happy hour.
no i dont think it is
Oh boy, were you just trying to borrow it? I bet he was real disappointed.
Whew good thing for those back up diapers. Glad you guys had fun.
I cried, jumped, and screamed... when I got my first student loan bill! Congrats on the good work though!
i hope you perform well on your exam
Don't feel too guilty. You can have that for dinner tomorrow night. Get pizza tonight.
You are a nice friend, she's lucky to have you.
You must have informed them abou this
Thats awesome! Old toys are the best toys
It's good to have someone with you who knows what they're doing, though. That certainly helps!
I am so happy everything went well for you.
I can imagine.  I would be burning that sheet set
That must have been a shock. I hope you took it outside after that.
That is a long time so I am sure its been very hard. Im really sorry but I hope soon you can find peace. 
HAHA, best to find another job first. At least employment is looking pretty good these days.
That's rough. I feel for you! But, as you said it's over so life goes on :}
I can understand that. After my failed attempt, my oldest son, then 13, came in the room juggling successfully a few minutes later. He watched a youtube video and learned in about 15 minutes...
I'm sure that's really tough.  I hope he appreciates all that you're doing for him, and I'm sure it'll work out :)
It's election day here, that may be the cause of it.
Wait until summer comes, you'll be ready for them to go back to school after a month.
Oh for sure and its honestly insane to spend too much on a perfume! Call me cheap lol 
You're so welcome! Good luck and I hope it's a great place with a good paycheck!
I am sure she will be okay
I think you should try to find different ways to go about the problem. I'm not great at math either but I think you could find some online forums willing to help you.
Good for him! He sounds like an awesome guy. 
It should be a easy process
Oh man! I bet you are! Just remember to be confident in yourself and you'll do fine! Don't let trolls to you either
I hate those cravings. I need to start doing better too.
I love going to the pool. I hope you have a great time!
OK now I understand
im the same! give people a look when they look at you maybe some crazy eyes! lol 
Oh I have numbness in my hands so I am always spilling things so don't feel too bad! I understand though. As you can see- I don't like having stuff on my clothes either lol
Amazing! Congratulations. When so many children have issues, it is always great to see one that is healthy and well.
Yes!!! I cannot even express to you how much I agree!! My mom used to say "you are who you hang out with" and its one of the most true things I have ever been told by anyone!! 
Wow, I am sorry to hear. I had a friend with an aneurysm pass suddenly about 2 years ago. It was hard and I can't imagine how you feel with it being your father. 
I do love a good sour
That was a very nice gesture
We all get nervous about changing our surroundings
I am not sure I believe them most of the time though
I would have been too. No one has ever bought me a car.
That is a lot of memories
Wow, that is pretty bad.  At least it was a cousin and not a sibling.
Maybe I should of did the same for mines, to late now.
I don'r know. Once I found out about cloves that worked fr me. Maybe you should het an exterminator although that seems extreme.
That sounds great! I should look in too them more.
Nice! Science is fun but for some reason the tests can be very hard!
I do get that way too sometimes
Well good for you. Is it everything you wanted> I once had a job turn out to be the worst.
I bet that was scary at the time
I had an experience similar to that as well. Their teachers look like they should still be in High School. But, they are so eager to do well I get excited with my kids for the school year.
tell me about it!! I bought so many brand new shirts in a thrift store last year and they still look awesome because the quality was so great
He may just be on a different time schedule than you. My neighbor does something similar, he mows his lawn at 3am
Good for you! I have never gotten a promotion before.
Yes, but isn't innocence a beautiful thing.
Well thats good. Some people aren't so lucky
that's not good :( i hope you don't drive under influence anymore, you could've gotten into an accident
It is sad. Espically since if the same people acted like they cared and wanted to they could help make the enviroment better for everyone. 
Was it anything serious? So many things can go wrong with out bodies!
I am not sure, that is a good question
Well, it was fortunate that you got it back ok.
That is true. It is sad.
I've found a lot of BBC shows are really good because they don't try to drag them out really far.
Yes it is very disgusting, I just don't understand why it takes some people so long to get their act together!
Me too! So sorry! Life doesn't get any easier. It's just about trying to enjoy every day
My mom was bipolar
Well that happens sometimes.
I am glad you are okay though
I forgot all about prek, you can see mine arent old enough yet. lol Well I am happy for you thats very exciting. 
That's a great idea. Such a good way to preserve a memory.
I'm glad you seem to have it all figured out.
Oh yes! Always carry an extra onesie and pants. That has saved me many times!
i hope it all works out for your mom 
That doesnt sound so hard to fix
That's so cool! I liked the shows on that channel as well.
They do always have snacks.
I recently read about fasting myself! I tried it for a whole few days and of course stopped. I wish I had your determination! I wish you a lot of luck. :) 
Oh man! Well some owners suck! I would definitely look in to the water sprayers. Is the cat fixed? 
you will get it done i believe in you
Right! Thats what I am thinking too... so cool when communities come together like that. 
Things like this happen all the time
Oh yes, I have been there to! Some food pantries are amazing but some have just crappy sugary foods. 
Oh neighborhood, lol I thought it said neighbor for a second! Why wasnt it safe? 
That's nothing. As long as you still get her a phone. I wouldnt be mad
Sorry! It's so nice when you can afford nice stuff! I feel you there. I do not have a TV- I watch everything on the computer lol! As I am on it all the time
i hear you 
Oh man..I just had someone go through that. It is horrifying. Yes a long battle can be good or bad. I am sorry.
That is always a nice surprise
Oh, that's rough. 
That's so nice. Im happy for you.
we have a hurricane kit / emergency essential kit always . 
you're the first person i know that has an xperia
I didn't know that. Another reason to not like them
You just need to know that the mitochondria is the powerhouse.
That is a good way of looking at things.
I know its a pain in the rear to lug them around but you have to. I lug mine around like a kangaroo with her kid in her pouch. 
that is a good outlook to have
Oh that sounds convenient
I am thankful for every day I get to spend with my children. 
That's a good idea!
Well, I'm sure they will benefit greatly from all the preparation. They should be proud to have a mom who cares as much as you.
Oh geez, lol. Do you not like to cook? Congratulate your parents for me. It's great to find someone you love and then also to have it last so long!
I do too. Everyone deserves to have someone in their corner.
Oh great! I am not a big fan of college anyway. Maybe you will find a new love while they are away :)
I miss being so carefree and having the whole world at my fingertips!
They are that
If you are feeling that way then it probably is! On to a fresh start. 
Two daughters and one son
Exactly, take care of her. She is a treasure.
I wish I could do that.
I agree!  There is no excuse for that to have happened!  Such a tragedy!
Well that's amazing!
That is awesome!
That is great, good job.
I don't blame you.
That is outstanding!
oh man how did you get it out
10 and 13 now, but it never changes.
Well he was the one that caused it, so that's what he gets.
I'm sorry, you must miss them a lot if you don't see them as much as you used to.
Don't forgive him or your friend. Find new people 
I think you could still find one if you wanted too.
Sucks, I've had to work under scumbag managment before
ugh sounds like work...... but you did it! 
Don't have anywhere I need to go.
That will be nice.  Having a side gig really helps a lot as long as it doesnt take too much time
I'm sure you will be vindicated.
hopefully you were able to work it out...if not...in the future don't tell girlfriends about exes.
Great job!
I agree.  Don't let it stop  from taking a nice getaway though
That would make me really angry.  Call a tow truck to teach him a lesson.
happens sometimes just dont know what to do in those moments. 
well, you could always have left.
Well it happens to everyone at least once probably, so no worries.
yup! no reason to stoop to their level. you did right 
I know that feeling, it will get better. Just gotta stay positive
You could just think that maybe you were alone.
that's really crappy.    You're racking up the bad karma.
I am trying to teach that to my children. They are stubborn
Get some hot shots raid spray it shoots like 20 to 30 feet in the air! I sprayed all the way from the ground to the top of my roof. Spray and run. lol! 
That is true. It makes some of our trivial problems seem so insignificant
At least it wasn't a stranger trying to break in!
I cant handle any type of insect. I had a giant black one fly into my apartment today when I opened the door so I feel you. 
Definitely take her with you! She will love it as much as you
Yes, I always use sun screen.
deff jumping on the internet now to read into it i do like spiderman! 
how long did you have to stay that way.
I can understand that.  Reflecting on different times
I'm not even looking for anything serious like marriage, just a friend that I can relate to romantically.
Oh awesome! I love taking vacations. Where are you going? 
thats righty! you better go buy a lotto ticket because you are deff lucky 
I will def do that, I need to be more grateful for while she is alive. Thank you for that
Enjoy it because they grow up so fast.
That is exciting!
Oh, I thought you meant like computer programming. You must be so proud
There's also a lot of one ways in the city too. She's going to get used to it, it should be fine
Really? Thats good to know because I had no idea. I wish you a lot of luck in regaining your muscles back! 
A bad and good experience haha. Drive safely unlike me
Oh yeah and I hate to admit it but if it doesnt go as planned I do let it ruin my day. 
Oh no!  I would be too
I hope he was okay.
atleast they didnt see you! 
what are your long term goals /
I'm sure everything will work out fine :)
You should give them the cold shoulder next time you see them. That's what I would do.
I will never buy a car again.
deff worth it! 
Maybe when you pay him back, you can get him a little something extra to show your appreciation.
Nice, good job!
I am sending you good vibes and luck! 
Oh no, that's never good. Is he doing fine now/
i remeber that day
Right.  Hopefully that will motivate her to keep up the good work!
Dang, that's rough. I wouldn't know what to do either. It's like you choose to be a good friend and destroy their marriage or let her get married so she's happy. Goodl uck
Im sure!!! I had a gecko come in my house today and it was adorable yet i was still super scared to touch it. 
Oh man! Just stay confident! You have to keep the negative thoughts in the back of your mind.
Don't worry man, you'll be fine. Everyone makes mistakes
You and I both! 
Food is the worst too because all that junk food is all around us.
I bet you are so proud of her!
That sounds bad. It was probably harder to get off too
Sounds like you know what to do.
It should be getting better now that summer is over. Good luck
I understand that
I was thinking a cruise sounds perfect for you and your kids!
I'm sorry, sometimes people, even family can be difficult. you can't be all things to all people. give yourself a break on this.
Sorry to hear that, maybe one day you entire family can get along
That is my biggest fear too
Soccer is a fun sport to play. It would be good for you to do something you love also
Been there, done that lol.
Haven't heard of that one before.
Whoa, that sucks. You need to get away from them asap.
That's pretty cool.
Sometimes you just have to indulge and then do better next time.
You will be so shocked at how well it works I promise.  You don't want to go over. 
I hope you guys have a lot of fun! I think I'm going to meet my cousin in New Jersey on the 9th? It's so nice seeing famiy members after a long time.
That's such a shame. It really makes you lose your trust in people.
I'm sorry to hear that.
I know what you mean. 
I love going to concerts.
Me too.
I only watch football on Sundays.
I would agree with that 100%
I hate that so much, people need to learn manners.
Wow!  That had to be so embarrassing!  I would probably quit my job!
Never, I am a nice guy.
I think noise reduction headphones would be perfect for you, try Bose or something.
But at least Christmas is around the corner. I love Christmas just as much as the summer!
I'm working on my debt too.
I bet.  I would be too
I know right. That kind of stuff is very nostalgic
50, yeah, but It's just not the same.
Those are really cool looking
Sounds like you have a very responsible young lady growing up.
Try joining clubs or finding hobbies? Or you can always make friends on online video games!
Omg. You should take your dog to an obedience school.
Thats great. I have one coming up. I hope it turns out as good as your went.
Any other promotions where you are currently
I'm glad you stayed the course. There are a lot of big opportunities in store for you.
Maybe you can bring it to the tire place. Maybe they can patch it real quick.
That is no good
Congratulation! i hope you enjoy it.
Local or national?\
well in that case way to go
I know that for sure.  I am working that myself.
Aww, I bet you miss her a lot. Well it's good you get to see her soon!
I understand it is usually hard moving to a new city leaving some many people and placed behind
It sure is and it gives you something to be proud of.
Fantastic, keep your spirits up and the sky's the limit.
That is definitely something to you to be proud of!
hopefully you will see great returns this year
Don't worry once they administer the anesthesia you shouldn't feel a thing.
well that's good to hear
Keep it that way. If too many people find out it might ruin the experience.
Yeah it's rewarding teaching kids and helping them learn how to become functioning human beings. I have a 2 year old nephew who's nuts and asks questions all the time
That sounds cool!
I have not and will not ever.
Oh wow! That's even worse than dialing a stranger. At least he didn't pick up!
That sounds awesome
That is wonderful to hear.  When times are tough, family is all you have in this world.
OH. I know what you mean.
I'm sure she'll have a fun year.
That is really nice!
Do you think the other person deserved it at all.
That is awesome. They chose you for a reason. You will do great!
That's really bad. What is she going to do about it>
Well, you've done well so far then .
I would have peed my pants.
Thats ok.  If you would like to learn start simple
It must be really tough. It will get better.
Everyone's got that low minimum wage job at one point in their life sometimes.
They really do recharger you.
That explains it!
Your friend probably understands if you couldnt make it.
I understand, sometimes you just gotta "let a bomb drop".
I don't know. They probably brought their cell phones
I've found a couple of dollars and lighters in the washing machine. Thats about it lol
I hate onions, I just don't like the texture of them
Well he sure did save a lot in labor costs.
It sure was.
Thats a relief.  
Oh, that is sad, I hope she knows mistakes happen!
Well send it to her with a note to say you miss her. She can call you if she has time.
That's what I think. Plus I'd miss bacon too much.
That's just funny! Well I'm glad to hear she's learning and improving! Good to start them young.
Why did she send you a shipment anyways? 
It's unfortunately. If only we can all go together and not leave anyone behind.
That is awesome, that is hard to come by
Oh no. I'm sorry to hear that.
I know but if there is nothing valuable in there just forget about it.
Beat the kids up. That's what I would do.
There's still another month of summer left where I am.
I learned a long time ago how important family is and now I have my own.
I did not know it was ending, sorry to hear that!
Ah I see. It's always nice to have a goal to work towards.
That's a lot to take in.
Ah, I know that all too well, best of luck
Me neither, sounds like fun!
sometimes it's the one who keep it on the downlow who are the smartest.
I'm not a big fan of spinach myself.
That's great. I'll get there one day. I wanna see my great grandkids
I'll need to keep a look out for it!
Yeah, I hope so!
Oh wow, that is an energetic dog, good luck!
Yea, I get you. It's hard not to feel bad when someone seems to have it easier.
It's good you have a close friend to count on too if needed.
I'm glad you're not afraid of it anymore though!
Ah, that should be fun, probably nice this time of year!
I have a very hard time focusing on what I'm reading, so it can definitely slow down the learning process.
That's usually the main culprit of those situations!
good for you, wish i could say the same for myself. I'm not unhappy, just got more work to do.
Sounds like you're a lot more mature about it.
Yes, I agree. I'd give it a week.
Yeah its tough. But, we just got to keep working.
Yes, I grew up with him and he got me through my parents splitting up and everything. (cause I didnt have many friends). I know everyone always says dont get another one too soon but for both my cats that passed and my dog, doing that really is what got me out of the rut. 
I'm surprised school started alraedy.
i hope everything goes well !
Yea. So many people take their loved ones for granted.
It sounds like it, people can be so sweet
I don't know what I would do without mine!
It is, but we can learn from them and not do the same thing.
Oh wow, I could not afford that at all
That is not fun, sorry to hear that...
Me neither, which sucks cause it pays well
I wouldn't be the person I am today without my family.
Wow. That's a long time. Congrats!
That is great to hear
That's the truth.
I would too, that is very impressive
I have never heard of that, I have a MaltiPoo
Small family.
Its good that he's there for her.
That will do it, sorry to hear that!
I'm glad they were for positive reasons for you.
Well I'm glad some people can enjoy it at least.
That's pretty amazing!
That is very sweet of them, do not take them for granted!
Yep. You just said that.
I do too, that would not be good
Oh man. Seems like if you didn't meet your sweetheart in school, it's more difficult to find a girlfriend.
Watch out for any spooky politicians haha.
It's better not to compare your situation to others sometimes.
That makes sense, hope you enjoy it!
Not a lot of guys say nice things about their girlfriends behind their back, haha!
I believe you, that would be hard to get around, a lot of money
haha most of the time.
She's an awesome lady. You're one lucky person.
I see. I think I used to be afraid because I cuoldn't see anything.
Interviews can be nerve wrecking.
i think its good to find a healthy balance between being alone and being social
I'm glad that you did not lose all of them, it would be terrible if you did all that work for nothing!
it was probably really exciting though too
A key to a long relationship is persistence, so keep at it! 
That had to be really scary for you.  I bet you will never make that mistake again!
You're pretty brave for conquering that fear.
I know and it is really sad.
Be sure to play the lottery.It looks like you are on fire.
That's horrible! I hope you're trying to do some fun things to take your mind off the pain.
Sometimes I think parents need a training class.
Well that sounds like it worked out fairly well fortunatley.
Well good luck, that sounds like a challenging role!
Sounds like a really heartwarming story. Hope you have fun!
Give it a go. You might be soulmates.
I agree. More people should get involved to make a change.
You will find the right one someday.
No one's perfect. Maybe you'll see her next time.
Yes he does. He deserves it, I hope he is going to the college that he wants to go to, all that hard work should pay off for him!
That's too bad.
Oh wow, bungee jumping is a huge step!
Oh ok. I was thinking it was New York where the cabbies are notorious for being rude.
That's the way to do it, clearly.
I can only imagine how frustrating that is, that's why I work at home full time.
You will grow to love it. Football is amazing sport. Your son will love it. 
People get lucky sometimes. It's better not to compare yourself to someone else.
Sometimes people are not thoughtful of other people's time.
That's so exciting! Best of luck with your new computer!
Will you be able to eat all that? 
Not like mine then. So many fronting to donate, but they're actually stealing.
Yes you are, I'm sorry to hear about you losing them.
Hopefully you can avoid that, the swab to the back of your throat is a gross feeling!
That's no good. I guess you'll have to find a nicer game.
Oh yeah, totally. And then you don't end up buying too much or too little, and you don't waste time trying to remember things. There's also tons of little apps on your phone you can get that can make it really streamlined and convenient.
That was a good solution! Smart thinking!
Wow how kind.
That's terrible to be yelling at a kid who probably doesn't know any better.
You should go with her next time so that doesn't happen.
What is the dog's name? I'll say a puppy prayer for him
Maybe they don't even have enough for the cars themselves.
That is creepy.  
That is fun for everyone. Especially if you've been having hot sunny weather.
You must be pretty strong to do that.
Guess she's estranged for a reason.
That's understandable. Hopefully, you won't make the same mistake next time.
Look at the bright side. She got some exercise. We all need more exercise.
You two must miss a lot.
She is the sweetest woman I have ever met
Sounds like it's gonna be a lot of fun.
You obviously weren't alone
That has to be tough
Sometimes we forget stuff. It happens.
You could have still eaten it if you were daring.
I'm actually doing one now. Need better pay. I wish us both the best of luck.
That's a good idea. I know everyone is worried about that when it comes to George RR Martin and game of thrones.
That's nice of you. I hope he feels better soon.
Yea, they do, but they're getting old. Makes me scared.
That is  good.  Might be a good time to work on you
He will be single forever.
I completely know the feeling. My kids are teenagers and I threaten them every day that I will move in with them when I am old and grey lol.
Oh well that's lucky for you haha my three sons hate bugs!
Well she is married right? some people say sister in law before its official
That sounds great
I hope you're able to tough it out.
That is a bummer, but congratulations on the highest score, that is something to be proud of. 
Oh goodness! I am so sorry that happened to you! 
Does he have a sister? lol
Haha, that's so funny. I bet it was even funnier to watch. I can kind of understand it--pho is really popular. I've had it and it's not bad. My girlfriend loves it and has it like once a week, along with spring rolls.
Oh man. Sorry that happened.
Birthday wishes come true. You will have to work at it still though.
You definitely need to teach them not to do that.
Well they should prbabl shut it down soon. It is only Thursday.
Well, he sounds like he really loves you.
That's great! Not too many 16 year olds are that responsible.
It gets easier as you get older. I'm sure you did great.
I don't know. If you let it go it could happen again and again.
yep. Those popsicles are like 1-3 dollars now
Oh yes, and remember Bagel Bites!
Uh oh! That's scary. I bet you won't let that happen again. Well, I'm glad everything ended up okay.
You would think they would be motivated to keep their kids
That's too bad. Maybe explore some other options and see how you feel.
Sounds a lot like me. I love going through the toys and gadgets section to see if I can find anything for my kids.
I never get gifts or a party. I need new friends and family
Yup. Because as soon as you give him a sweet stack of cash, he's probably going to blow it at the slots. 
I disagree with both Democrats and Republicans.
That just isnt right!
Hopefully you will catch those great deals!  Sounds exciting!
I bet you are so proud. I cried when my daughter graduated 6th grade lol
Oh I see now. Wow that is pretty lucky!
That's great you got him up to a healthy weight!  Kudos on you!  I'm sure those spots will even out eventually.
That's good!
You sound like an amazing father.  He is so lucky!
Really? I will definitely give it a try. My favorite tv show is stranger things
I am glad for you. Sometimes kids can be annoying.
You wouldn't believe. I'm eating one right now.
That seems pretty gross, especially the possums.
That's really nice. Been thinking about proposing to my girlfriend as well. We've been together for almost the same amount of time.
Oh awesome! Oh my gosh they do. I can't believe mine are in their 20's now! I hate it when they grow up honestly
Yeah I can relate.  I bet you feel and look amazing!  That determination is a quality to behold.  Keep working hard!
That is a fair point. You can't have those that are there to protect us be distracted. This is a key tenant when I'm on watch in the Navy.
At least he didn't take your driver's license and tow your car
I'm sorry, maybe they will get back together.
That is awesome, is this your first kid.
Yeah, if it is a bad neighborhood I suppose.
Well that's one nice thing to enjoy. That's sweet.
But that is still okay. Either way you accomplished something difficult!
The first sip of a beer is pretty nice too lol
That might be a bad sign
Wow that's odd. At least you will save some money.
Yeah I felt bad luckily he forgave me though.
Ah, an argument with your spouse? Those are always tricky. I hope you guys can work through it amicably, because that's obviously an important relationship.
how old is the valentine
Oh I was confused.
It will get better. I know that is a tough thing.
Hey at least it is still a car, don't feel bad.
I hope you eventually made friends! I know how much it stinks to feel left out of everything
Thank goodness nothing flooded then
You can lose weight too.
Maybe she should take some art courses.
Yeah, mentally ill people shouldn't even be allowed to have dogs. There should be a screening process.
Be careful! You can puncture your stomach like that and not make it. It happens to those with bulemia all the time. Stay safe!
I am sure you knocked that test out of the park - sweat or not.
That sounds like a great plan!
That sounds like a really good idea to do. 
Well you have to be safe
Well you should cherish them and let them know how you feel.
wow you are a brave soul
They should be pretty good
Netflix is always nice
That's pretty cool. I don't see my friends much since I moved.
I absolutely agree
That's just stastics.
oh no
yea thats rude
that sucks
Bigger vehicles are so convenient for stuff like that!
Before we know it we will be voting for president again.
Don't be too hard on yourself. Allow yourself to indulge every so often.
Yikes.  How are you today?  
I hope everything turns out good for you two!
Are the cowboys your favorite team? I prefer watching college. 
Yes, that one is very scary
I'm glad you're being enthusiastic.
I have never heard of that game. I bet it will be fun though.
Me too, he's so real. He loves what I love. MMA, poker, guns, WWE, hahahah
True but the odd's are slim.
Absolutely, never be a victim.
Time flies fast! Make sure to do what you love and be with who you love
Don't let the secret slip!
I am sure it was well-deserved.
Yeah, you need to get of there quickly.
True.  It's always good to go outside with a friend.  And don't forget your towel!
I hope you have much brighter days moving forward.
That's good to hear. She must have a lot of your trust, sounds like a bright young lady!
Try to enjoy the quiet but not get down.
Well congratulations!
I hope things work out for you.
Seems some irresponsible employee of theirs mis-categorized the items when putting them in those shelves
I am seeing a lot of nastiness. Yes, just remember everyone can agree to disagree and be ok. I hope everything is ok!
That sounds very fun. I might have to take you up on that offer. I have a good friend that just moved there.
That's good.  You're a good parent!  Good luck with everything!
I wish I was a good driver!
I bet place that is so big you can't go through it all in one day
I understand that. That just means you have to excel at the rest of your assignments so you have a chance to average it out!
That's a very nice way to think of it.
Awesome!  I'm sure you will do amazingly.  Keep your head up!  Fake it til you  make it LOL
You are lucky to still have that.
That's so cool, maybe one day you can save enough for you rown.
I can imagine that being a bit lonely.
That is good to hear that it doesn't happen anymore.
sorry, i hope they apologized for that
am sorry, maybe you should wait until they are restocked
I'm glad everything worked out.
I am so sorry ab out that I hope things get better soon
That is too bad. I am sorry you have to deal with that.
Wow it sounds like he has life all planned out.
Well I hope you enjoy it!
We all have our moments.
Wow, that's very fortunate. Mothers are great.
That's nice that you have a friend like that.
A nanny is a good idea. Would you consider using contraceptives? 
It's ok though at least now you know that scary movies are not your kind of movies
Yes, it makes you want to say more than darn, that's for sure!
That is great being so independent.
That's awesome! I hope you win!
Oh that's great! I tend to follow some missing children stories closely but I hate when there's a sad outcome
Well I hope it is super awesome!
Well you could also try praying! 
You are very lucky to have such a smart boy!
That's quite unfortunate. I feel for you as I used to live in a small town where jobs were scarce. It's rough when there is no competition
Oh that's never fun. I hate that too.
I trust you did well too
Aww I am sorry to hear that. I hope you can regain contact with them someday. I'm sure they'd love to hear from you.
Oh maybe you should try joining  achurch.
I used to love riding my bike around the block
That is very kind. I'm honestly doubt that my grandma even knows what a printer is.
sorry about that, seems their customer service is not welcoming
I hope he does, for his sake. But I imagine he will come around
Then talk to someone that he respects maybe they will talk senses into his "head"
That's good. The first step towards turning new is to resolve and take action. 
Having proof is awesome, otherwise it would make your case a hard one to prove.
thats great. They now have confidence in you
If you know where you're going then you should be
I'm glad you understand that now.
I'm sure, I'd be the same way too!
That is interesting
I think the reason is because we want to know if they would fit or not or if we made a mistake or not, that's how it is when it's not bought from a physical store
I wonder if he was self motivated
That's right! It will all pay off for you in a few years.
Ah yes, I know that feeling. Sitting in traffic is a major drag. I find that music or podcasts help it go by quicker
You should go to reddit.com/r/eyebleach.  There's nothing there but cute and nice things to look at.  It will ease your soul.
They're supposed to either do that for you or get someone else to 
I understand. It is difficult to have everyone staring at you
Great! I wish I loved my job and work environment as much as you do
I will just think they are happily watching down over us and try to go on one day at a time.
Too bad, oh well, if things turn around in her status, you have someone in her that you can consider
Who can blame you? We are taught to trust professionals.
Congratulations, I'm sure it will be a good PC.
Aw, well that's good that it did. I'm sure she wanted it to be!
yah, or get a comedy or get to watch a movie
Go Grandma!  What an awesome gift.  I bet you were stoked! :D
Nice! It will be a good time to relax and enjoy the beach and nightlife!
It's definitely different than what I was used to. It's crazy how fast technology upgrades. Sometimes I feel like a caveman.
Just be patient and everything will fall into place.
You'll be fine! Having hope is the best you can do
Ok. I understand
That's great, I hope you weren't hurt!
Do you remember the title?  Maybe you can get another copy.
I'll bet. It's always nice to see someone who can bring back good memories.
Oh, no, I'm sorry to hear that. You had no idea that would be the last visit, but I can understand how you would feel that way. I have no doubt she understood why you didn't though.
That's a good idea. What restaurant were you thinkin? 
You'll do great! That's right up your alley.
Ew, that's gross. Some people have no sense of decency. 
That sounds awesome, honestly. I hope you enjoy it!
If it's a personal matter, I would definitely take the issue over to human resources. It's better to stand up for yourself.
As you should be. I wish I liked to swim.
Well, I hope they've figured it out together during this time. 
Awesome! Congratulations! It is always nice to accomplish something like that.
I understand. Those thing happened from time to time.
Wow, that is really thoughtful.
Do you have any proof? If so you should bring it up to her.
I am sure there is a special friend that can help you with that amount and when you have you can repay them back
The meaningfulness is definitely something you can never replace. I hope that it shows up, and if not, I hope this watch brings meaning to your life in new ways.
Hahaha Sorry I just assumed you were 5 years old or something.  Yeah getting practical gifts is more appealing as one gets older.
Multiplayer games can be fun, but that's certainly a downfall to them!
I see. Well it's an honest mistake. I've done different socks before
I understand how you feel, I used to have one like that, when It passed away, I got a puppy of the same exact breed and gave it the same name. with a few month, It looked like the one that passed away so It helped me to forget 
Well, I would probably feel the same way, but I'm sure you will be great. If they didn't have confidence in your abilities, they wouldn't have chosen you to do it!
Customer service is very important, and it seems like that place needs to work on that.
That's good ,a speed recovery I must say.I commend the opticians
I think in situations like this, you can take someone that knows about cars along
There is a lot of that type of behavior now. It's like people have lost their minds.
I love chocolate cake! You'll have to save me some.
Yes, using social media really helps us connect with friends and family so much better.
I don't blame you. I try to keep tabs on them because I don't trust they will be delivered in time. I also set up a camera to catch deliveries that don't deliver :}
My sister is recently going through the exact same thing. It was frustrating for her for a while, but things are looking up for her! I'm sure they will for you as well.
Nice reminiscent
Oh no, that is sad news indeed. I am sorry to hear that.
I'm sure she really wanted to go. Sometimes we have to make choices we don't like. My offer still stands. 
I love looking at old photos, both happy and sad moments.
Wow, that must've been really spoooky.
not for the time
You must've worked hard to get there
Congratulations. You must have the gods smiling on you
I bet, those sound like awesome presents!
I hope she has forgiven you then
That was very sweet and thoughtful too. Glad you're better!
Yea, benefits and pay seem to be the common motivators. I'm glad it worked out so well for you!
Think about the positive aspects of this, you are moving forward
That sucks, hopefully nothing you can't replace. I'd suggest getting some help if your drinking has become distructive.
I see. lol. I hate cats, sorry
Tell me all about it
your confident to very best of luck
sorry, those horror movies can scare you to death.
Oh ok, I understand. Well, I have this girl that I have been wanting to date. I want to ask her to be my girlfriend this weekend
I'm glad you really enjoyed it!
That's a weird term to use
Well, I'm glad no one was hurt at least. :)
It can be stressful sometimes. I am glad to hear you found something good.
Yes it is.. thats great that their love has lasted so long.
I do not. I am still pretty young so I'd like to wait a few more years. I don't think I'm quite ready
oh ok I understand 
Oh my. But why do you care if they're your cousin..
I am glad you are. A good career is essential to live a healthy life.
OH I'm so jealous! Have lots of fun!
Im glad.. it seems like we both are getting the vacations we need!
Sounds like you are doing great. Those are among the best things in life.
your parents must be really proud of you
Luckily it will heal soon and you can feel back to normal.
thats super nice, thanks for sharing.
That's nuts! I would have been so scared
That's quite harsh for getting one bad grade. You should encourage him to do well without being so rash.
Oh, that is not good. You should have done better!
You should get your mind ready for the worst if he does not take it too well
Thats so cool..  I live in Orlando.. I'll wave to you guys!
Luckily the phone didn't fall and crack the glass! Those phone covers aren't the best.
yea i 100% agree with that.
Well I hope you do good either way.
Oh maybe next time!
Oh, that's too bad.  Well then I hope you can find happiness again in the future.  Good luck to you!
I see. That was nice of you to repay your friend with the meal.
yea the cgi in movies is stellar.
Why don't you talk to yours?  Im so sorry!
Incredible, kick him out of the house!
Ah, I see. Well I hope you figure it out soon. You need a way to get around town!
I shall :) I need to make myself get out more. It would be good for me
oh ok, I understand
That would be pretty shocking overall! I hope you're able to move on from this somehow.
yea all of the nostalgia can do that.
I bet it can. I had no friends in college either.
That's like the toughest job out there.
That's great. Good for you, bud.
Aw well that seems like it would be a great time! I hear the beaches are beautiful.
You should tell your wife to clear your guilt.
well thats a relief.
I bet it was, college is such a great time.
As long as you did your best, I say have no regrets. You made the most of a bad situation.
I'll cross my fingers alongside you. It sounds like you deserve it!
I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope you don't dwell on it too much and can be happy in the future.
That's awesome! I really want to go paragliding someday.
Its okay, hopefully it was not too expensive1
I've heard that as well. I'm male I know I was much closer to my mom.
He will turn out to be a great man
yea that would help clear you concision 
I think you should have talked to the hostel management to help you out on this as well
I see. Well he's probably still there.
Well hopefully she should be able to forgive you. It was an accident.
Could be, hopefully the wont dismiss you like that in the future!
I would be too, some people shouldnt be driving. 
oh wow thats so stupid of him.
Well hopefully you ace it!
That sounds really interesting. Hopefully you'll get rewarded for your great performance!
thats unfair of him.
Hopefully insurance will be able to cover the car at least.
i can imagine you would, its an awesome situation.
Its okay, it was just an accident.
Well it sounds like she's listening to you at least.
I wish I can attend a party for this if there is
yea but at least now you have found a good, trustworthy place.
Well I'm happy for you as well that your needs are being meet.
Sounds very immature if you ask me
If you have insurance I think you will be fine
Yea it was scary but im happy its not bad anymore.
Oh cool. I love visiting car shows myself.
I agree, but stay positive. There is nothing you can do now.
Yes, but they can be a bit of a challenge when they are growing up!
lol well as long as you're fairly active and fit it shouldn't be too big of a problem.
I see than, I could tell you that you should just overcome yourself and do it, but its you own personal business...
I could imagine. I hope you're able to work through this somehow.
Hmm I think you should make it up to her somehow. Take her to an expensive dinner. 
What an impostor. 
Well I wish luck to both of you.
Seems like you took all the precautions, the rest is not up to you.
All you can do is just keep doing the best job you can and hopefully someone will notice someday.
I guess so but it should be able to alleviate a lot of that loneliness.
I'm having a boy soon. 3 months or so
he will be okay as long he got the tratment
Thats great. Enjoy your day.
We have only one option when it comes to change, embrace it!
They're not cheap let me tell ya
Still more than you started with.  For that ticket anyway.  LOL.  Congrats.
Hopefully she'll get more interested when she gets a bit older.
My condolences to the owner. 
Call the police! I hope you nab these guys and put them in jail!
I can understand the feeling. I always feel ignored.
Oh no, sorry hope it wasn't a snake. My hound dog is alwayd barking.
I see, you should rekindle your friendship.
Its that feeling you have to live with for now.. Lol!
I hope you can reciprocate by sending her a birthday message  when it's time for it so she knows you care for her 
That's really tough right now. I hope you're doing something fun to keep yourself occupied.
Good for you, I hope your sister gets well too.
Oh cool. Well I'm happy for you guys
oh , elderly people are little tough to understand 
that was so great of your friend
try harder next time and im sure you will do better!
Sounds like a great plan. Also a great way to get diabetes! 
I would like that much money!
Well, now you that such is life, it makes plans for you.
I would have been too. You should have just slept all day!
Yes, I saw him. Very blessed and talented man.
oh that stinks
That's a great feeling, I agree! I rarely get a day where I just stay home
oh no! was the argument bad? are you still friends
I like to be lazy as much as I can.
Please never stay idle ,fix yourself anywhere, I mean somewhere
I completely understand I have had my car broken into a few times and had objects that held value and were sentimental to me as well
Don't be paranoid. That just upsets you. Try to think positivley.
Thats okay, you should call the police next time.
So true
Also, maybe this is something you can put on your resume and it will look good in the future. 
Good. Stay focus and you will have success. We always learn something in our good and bad experiences.
Have fun you two!
Oh I see, try and avoid expired food next time!
Aww man!  That is a long time to be without your wife.  I bet you're going to miss her :(
Do you know where he went
yea i can believe it.. but it makes you feel better!
You can try again to reach out to people. Otherwise, remember that it is only temporary... soon you will be in a different class with more opportunities to make friends.  
That is quite interesting. I hope your day went very well!
I agree
its been everyone's fantasy . what is your favorite Disney character
Because history is not made, it is written. 
Yeah, my first one was too. I can't stand if they stay upside down too long.
Becoming a parent is funny, I used to so look forward to summers. Now, even though its nice to have time with them it adds new challenges.
That's great that you had a backup plan for that. It sounds like it was great and I bet everyone was very impressed!
Well, you can always try to get a promotion next time! 
That is nice.
yeah its problematic in such kind of job interviews
That is wonderful. I use to love English classes in college.
Exactly. You must feel very happy when that happens.
Then you need to take a break 
That's fantastic. 
he seems like a terrible guy
true.. but it is for their own good only, discipline would help them moving forward
she wont, good deeds arent punished
I would feel bad to but save up some cash put it back and bring it back. you got this. 
Sorry to hear that. It is good a idea.
i feel you.. but look on the bright side, it makes the moments being together far more special
Maybe you should rethink going to the dentist if you're in so much pain.
I'll have to check it out, thanks for the rec! I've been meaning to add more things to my "must watch" list.
you sure are brave! I would've ran.
glad it worked out.
oh wow.. that is strange
haha.. thats hilarious, i thought he was spoiling you!
I really hope so that sucks. Put out some dog food, some water, maybe one of his favorite toys. 
oh wow i would think it would take longer
thats too good.. congrats!
I would have moved that same night, and probably changed my identity thats terrifying! 
Something always comes up whenever you need to be somewhere! That's how life works!
sorry to hear that buddy
true that, stay safe!
Happens to the best of us we are only human. Dont take it in a bad way im sure its been real nice being alone. 
i hope the cops took care of it
Sounds like florida ugh 
Well I'm glad you weren't hurt.
They do and you never know what could happen, let's say you guys get into a fight and then she trashes your house! Not a good outcome!
Im always living on a budget so even if you could atleast treat yourself for a day, or 1 night then do it! You deserve it I am sure you are working hard. 
That's pretty awesome. I have never been that far!
oh thats nice 
Well, truth be told I've never gotten one ever which is even more rare. But good on your partner, really. That's hard to do!
Maybe you can post an ad on Craigslist. That way many will see and be interested 
I would be too. ugh that sucks! 
That is a long tedious process too. You have to have one thing to get the other and they make you run around and get more things. ugh
That is a lot wow, she must really love watching tv atleast it gives her something to do tho! 
Yeah I don't have the best luck in casinos either.
Well that's a relief! I'm glad neither of you got sprayed.
oh its unfair and really hurts
Oh really? I can understand. I usually regret eating Taco Bell. Especially after the digestive process.
That is awesome. I have considered moving from Missouri down to either Lower Alabama or Florida. 
Thats awesome! wow congrats mom... I bet you are super excited. 
Nice.  I grew up as a Redskin fan and hate the cowboys
i dont want them to suffer either
Good because he's no good for you. You deserve better.
Be careful with flying over the ocean! It's a bit scary
thats very true
Yeah I know what you mean. It probably feels like you're losing a friend.
Aw. You miss her. That's sweet. My daughter won't leave the house so I can miss her lol
i understand how that goes
hope it turns out well for you
Don't force it. They usually come around when your not looking.
thats cool
I hope you weren't smoking any weed 
Oh dear, I hope everything works out.
thanks
Lol, nice
Save up some money for the salon then
oh that good to hear. nice human beings
I have never seen a skunk outside before. I'm glad too
Do you have an alarm system. My wife and I have one, and it automatically texts me if I am away from home and the alarm goes off. 
I can totally understand that. I was so excited to get out into the 'real' world. I did one enlistment in the military after high school, and now I am in college. Rude awakening after high school!
That's not good. I hope you both can communicate about it in a respectful way.
yeah you taken good descision because the dog bite most dangerous one you must help them
wow amazing feels great 
yeah all the best fo 
That happens to me often. I also trip walking up the stairs quite often. It can be quite embarrassing!
It's no problem. My work comfort's me just like yours does.
That is very cool! I don't know about you, but I have been stressed out about the whole process.
That is a powerful type of position.
thats cute, i bet hes a great dog
That sounds so good. 
That's great. Congrats on your home purchase!
I also enjoy traveling!
that is awful
I think it is too acidic for me.
It's so refreshing to hear someone who really loves what they do.
i am really happy for you
That's great. I produce audio and I have an album coming out by the end of the summer! Tell her to keep it up!
That must've been terrifying for you. It's amazing how we can hear every little thing around us when we're alone!
I can understand that! Math has never been my strongest subject. 
i can imagine
You are very lucky!
That is a challenge, but thats not a bad thing
That is so sad.  My dog had congestive heart failure and died so I know how sad that can be
That is good. Everyone gets busy sometimes.
I am sure there will be none of those there
Yeah, people get comfortable even if they don't like it. It's sometimes good to try something new.
Well ... I hope you like it and above all that you study something amazing
yes, it it's.It's like a time machine.
I have been there. I guess just remember the good times
That's awesome! I am currently in college myself. I actually just finished two summer courses today. Not going to lie though, I could use a bit of a break before the fall semester begins.
Omar sure will have some new owners who will love it
Aww, the best thing you can do is keep them alive through your memories.
Oh wow, are you excited
The first years is the best
That was nice of you.  My parents did the same with my grandparents.  She's very fortunate to have you.
I can understand that. You sound like a good friend.
I have never served on jury duty either. The closest thing that I have experienced was serving as a guard during a military court martial.
WOW... that is a biggie!
We all have thinking that sometimes, but acting is the wrong thing to do.
Wow, 15 cant do nothing but love them
its all apart of life sometimes
Oh man! Be sure to give em a proper sendoff. 
That is the worst.. I've had that happen to me before!
It's ok just think about it this way. You don't have to pay property taxes or even be worried about your lawn.
That isnt good, sorry
That sounds exciting! I went on my first cruise in March; we had a blast!
That is some feat, I wish I could do that!
I think so, not sure how the house is.
I am glad it wasnt
I understand.
Holidays are always a nice time to get together. 
Well I am sure it was a good experience
Oh I like them too. I like that song I think it is called "Change". It is so good.
That's no fun. Hopefully you got some stuff done around the house then.
Thats awesome!  I am tired too I had to be up early today.
You better keep him sounds like a keeper.
thats really awesome
What a bummer. At least now you know what you need to study for when you take the exam again!
Blow out them candles and make a wish!
That will be fun
Oh cool I bet he had to work really hard to get his degree. I am sure he appreciated your support.
I can understand that for sure, just remember the good ones
It is a good feeling when you get to just relax and feel laid back.
Ha, I bet it will be fine
Try not to feel that way.  If it was meant to be, it would have happened.  There are plenty of other fish in the sea!
It's crazy how many toys they have now. Disney is really pushing the merchandise out!
That's always a pain! It can take forever but never lasts long enough
That's awesome!  I love a happy ending!
That is a trade that can get very messy. I respect guys that get arm-deep in sewage lol!
I hope a nice surprise.
I'm sorry he did that to you. Maybe it was just a misunderstanding.
Way to, it really pays off to study, and a CPA thats impressive
There are other cats that need help
im sorry to hear that
i have come across that many times and just shake my head
Oh I see. Did you get tested to see if they had any diseases? Strays sometimes have rabies.
That can happen, Ive seen deer walk across a highway
I was just about to mention that you should be careful that its not a scam of some sort.
Well I hope your insurance company sues them. They should really be more responsible.
a lot of people are suprised by the GDP
Dang. I bet there is a great story of how it got there!
Wow! Maybe I should start taking some piano lessons and go to a recital of my own.
You should join a league and meet some friends with similar interests.
Oh wow. You always have to be on the look out for the rogue rip in the pants! That's what got my uncle late in life. RIP in peace.
Well as long as you have a safe word you should be OK. You also may want to buy some life insurance.
Ha Ha!  Thats ok.  Ugg...that had to be annoying.  Is he just a puppy
Thank God ... that's good
I would be too. Hopefully you channeled your rage to let him know who is king of the road.
Nice
That's so sad. Perhaps you should buy him a cake and beg for his forgiveness.
ha ha ha.  Its a good book for sure!
Well that's good. I hope whatever it is you're waiting for improves your life.
Dim Sum specifically
It's good to see that you have a positive attitude about it like me.
I understand. You are over the water. Nothing bad could happened.
I would imagine he'd be pretty upset
Yeah but people are only amused because something they fear is happening to someone else. Those people don't matter and it's happened to everyone
Just ask him. Or you can make the plans
Ah, I've never really been into big TVs. I have a tiny one that's good enough for me!
Maybe ask a friend to help keep you in check
Just kidding. There is some products that you can use to avoid those bad experience.
Well, I guess Canada doesn't like to take any shit from Trump
What are the books about? 
I heard they have really cheap plans and you don't get locked into a shitty contract like other providers.
Oh no. You should invest in something new.
Tell him to f&^% off!
What do you play. I just preordered Call of Duty BO4
That is nice that you are so supportive of her.
Hopefully it works out for you
She sounds like a great babysitter
You gonna get the job!
I'm sorry to hear that
I think I have a good eye too.
One step at a time.
I love how direct he is, he definitely one of the best presidents in recent years.
I saw her fight once. She kicked butt.
Well at least things are starting to look positive for you!
Me too! I love them.
That must mean you really do love and care about her.
At least you can talk on the phone.
I used to love the piles of leaves when I was younger. Raking is no fun now.
Oh god, you didn't get attacked, did you?!
Well at least you are okay now.
Nice! I think I went to Cozumel, Mexico with my family in like 2013? It was on the Carnival Imagination cruise, it was awesome!
When I was a kid I used to have nightmares that I was on a bridge in a car and the whole car and bridge were covered in snakes. It was awful.
He definitely is cool to watch.
Wow that is a long time ago.
People aren't tolerating that type of behavior anymore. She had better watch it.
I bet she is going to be a great person when she is older
I bet you are super jealous!
Are you upset about this? I'd try meeting hr in person
I would have shot that thing dead and then burned it. Then ate it for dinner.
Nothing upsets me more than people getting handicapped plates and not being handicapped.
Well you have to think about yourself.
Was that in the United States or somewhere else? I used to love All My Children and General Hospital. 
i know right.
I hope you didn't lose too much.
I miss the good ol' days too!
Cool, I hope she continues to be successful. It's good you are encouraging her!
Must've been nice, being so free and enjoying your time.
Yeah, no thank you for me.
That's awesome, I've never had good neighbors so I'm pretty jealous of you!
OH. I'm sorry. We do that to each other. I  didn't know she hurt your feelings.
I used to have that problem too. Downloading would take days. Technology saved me there.
Well as long as they're good people than it shouldn't be that bad. 
That sucks. Everyone deserves a vacay.
I've done it before so I feel your pain.
Ah, gotcha. Sounds delicious!
Have you ever put butter in your noodles. It elevates them lol
Wow, that sucks. I bet you are so disappointed...
Oh so maybe you will leave some coal on their doorstep instead. They should be more considerate.
Oh I know how that feels.
Yeah I like to have pictures of my loved ones and pets and such at work. It really helps when I'm having a rough day.
Aw. No one cooks for me :(
You'll get there one day!
I need to watch that show in my free time. EVeryone I know talks about that show constantly!
Come clean and take an F then
I feel the same way.
That's so mean. I bet he just wanted to say good morning to you.
Oh I was thinking of his son. I don't know much about the Donald besides the Twitter stuff.
It's snails, isn't it? Why would anyone want to eat that is beyond me.
Now That's a no no. Kill him
Maybe you should calming ask about it. 
You self-entitled brat! Just kidding, your mother loves you
Everything closes when we get an inch of snow in the south. 
Lol. I do themes with me and my kids. Then I eat all of their candy
That is so messed up lol
That was nice of them.
Well that a good thing to study too
Maybe they will party at your house after.
There are some real die har fans I miaght have to check it out
That sounds boring.
That's rough! I'm glad you're ok now (I hope), but that must have been really traumatic 
Oh great!  I do not have that kind of knowledge at all - maybe you could come with me on the next road trip - LOL!!  
Yeah, let her free.
That's great! Disney is a wonderful place to go. I actually live near The Magic Kingdom!
Good, maybe he'll learn not to be a jerk next time.
Yea, it is better in moderation. That's true
That's terrifying. I refuse to swim in the ocean. Too scary.
Yes, Better safe than sorry I guess.
i will try on do this asap , dude yesterday i forgot to pay some money i owed my friend, i felt kinda of ashamed 
I know how you feel.
Yeah, kids grow up so fast!
Some people should be more considerate
Im sorry.. I moved once from MD to FL so I know how you feel being without your peeps.
Well be yourself. If it doesnt work out, think of it as practice!
It is good to just treat yourself sometimes!
I have heard of that. 
I have had that happen a few times.
It won't last much longer.  Before you know it he will be grown up and married.
Well you should enjoy it
That is terrible.  I am so sorry
We see each other once a year.
That's great. I hope she likes the new position.
Okay, I totally understand your feelings.
That's even more awesome. I hope he does well.
Aint that the truth!
That could be fun!
I just went on a vaction with my kids. Its was so relaxing. Have fun
I understand. Taking some rest is important.
Don't feel too bad.  Its not like the government gives you money once a year.
That is a very good idea.
Perhaps next time the bill arrives, say something like, "ok, so that's $25 each" and take out $25 and put it on the table. They may take the hint.
That is definitely  something to be proud of.
Sometimes when kids are young they don't get the importance of school
Way cool!  Congratulations!  Should be a great experience
So, you don't have to worry about it.
At least you had fun, too bad the friend missed out, their loss
Ohhhh so you already had her!  Congratulations!
I bet.  Its probably cheaper than therapy though!
Lol. I've done that before.
Im so sorry to hear that. 
I love winning things.  It just makes the whole day perfect, lol.
I bet she really appreciates you
That's kind of you to help her through hard times!
Good luck!
I don't like that either.
MY boyfriend once said if he ever had to be in a wheelchair he wanted me to kill him. I broke up with him
It's always nice to have a balance in life
They sound very selfish trying to blackmail you like that. I would tell the teachers or professors asap
Yeah that stuff is addicting
He is. And he is nice to look at too lol
Maybe she can help you and guide you step by step
You had better sleep with one eye open
If you work hard enough maybe you can afford in the future!
Economics is pretty cool
Nice, I bet it was super fast!
I would be fine if I never rode one ever again
I'm sorry. That really sucks
I'll need to check that out!
Well at least you will get it back though.
well then maybe you're better off lol
I bet you are so proud of yourself! I need to learn how to be self reliant like you!
Oooohhh Fancy! lol
My parents usually did that do. If I don't do the chores around the house, I don't get to head out
That has happened to me once or twice.
I hate it when that happens.
Lol. Good luck anyway
I am sure they will work with you.  Don't stress out.
I wish my parents would get my kids. They are too busy having fun themselves lol
Last time my car had problems, I had to spend so much money. It was awful.
As I said, first ask your friend why is he behaving in such an unacceptable way
You're not the only one. I am afraid of complete silence. I think I'm about to be murdered.
hahaha I am so not one of those people.  I am too old for the technology!
Good thing nothing bad happen! I would be so devastated if my phone got stolen like that!
That is sweet!
Oh yeah!!! I need to get my ass to a legal state to get my card too!
7
It sounds like you need soe distance from them
Maybe you have went so long without hanging with your friends you forgot you had them.
Well that's nice. Every one deserves to be in a safe and loving home.
Ah!!! Nice lol Summer went by so fast! Summer for parents now
Its awesome... you can win 50-100 often on a 5$ scratch off..
Oh wow! I always thought kangaroos were really interesting animals!
Great! Make sure to pack sunscreen. Hot here where I am
I definitely agree you need to set up the boundaries.  Make sure you keep that up for the sake of everyone involved.
I feel your pain.. I really do!
Oh man! You know some meds can cause that. Look in too Similasan. They have one that prevents cataracts etc. Expensive ingredients but some are the some from people and dog meds for cataracts/dry eye etc.
THat is so sweet.  I hope the weather stays nice
Awesome, sounds like fun! I hope you have a safe trip.
It's alright. Your cat is somewhere up in heaven.
Oh that is tough! Oh man, especially at an alternative one. Make sure you do a lot of self care and don't take stuff too personally from kids :)
I am sorry that someone did that to you..
But you have to do it otherwise you wont be able to trust her.
It can be a vicious cycle. I've seen it before.
Oh my god! Well please get ALL your locks changed. The car will be more difficult however hopefully they have no idea where you live so you should be ok.
I understand. Take it easy.
Oh great! That has a lot of jobs. I hope you did well!
Yeah. A job is better than no job, I suppose.
I hope so that is frustrating. 
That's amazing! I wish more people were willing to do what you're doing to help out our furry friends!
Well actually desk jobs are much harder on my body and can be really bad for your back and hips etc, if it's a desk job? Well if you are getting older you might want to start saving up, have a side hustle and maybe think about it? Less pay but more peace, health and time is always worth it :)
What breed of dog is she and how old? That's so awesome! Dogs are so resilient and it can teach us a lot about how we should live our own lives.
Oh man! They fight sometimes. I hope they aren't too bad about waking you up in the morning. Chickens can be very sweet though!
I know the type.  There are better people out there that you just have to be patient for. 
Oh geez, that's hard! I am glad you get to see them again. treasure such moments!
Keep it up. One day you might appear in a fitness magazine. 
Love that! Glad you found it
It depends on how young they are.  I have a rescue that was abused but she was real young.  She snapped out of it.
thats great
I hope you call the cops on them, so they can go to jail for animal abuse.
That is bad. I would have the same feeling if I was in your situation.
Try keto and fasting, or find a diet like RAW and you will be amazed at your energy and strength again!
True! Often managers do not deserve that role. I am glad he does!
Wow, that's horrible! I would have been so pissed.
Are you all still together? Long distance can be hard but honestly absence makes you love them even more!
Thats too bad
I am sorry you have to deal with that
I am glad you got some things done! Now you can rest
Yeah they're really expensive. 
That is absolutely awful to hear, poor dogs don not deserve to be mistreated in such ways , im happy the dogs better 
I understand
I know how you feel. Sometimes you just have to show them the error of their ways. If not karma will catch up with them.
You are a great friend! We all need help at some point
great! there are SO many opportunities out there with the internet
That is really cool.  good on you for welcoming them
Do you ever use poshmark or mercari? Those are good for deals. Sounds like you got some nice stuff! Payday is always a fun day
Exactly great minds think alike , that is always so annoying as hell 
Oh lord :( I have a partner doing the same thing and he feels more like a son a lot. That must be so hard. Being a parent is the HARDESt job ever. I am so very sorry. I hope he snaps out of it soon.
It sounds like it might be time to consider moving on without them
I'm sorry to hear that. I guess it makes the times you do see each other even more special!
That is no good. I bet that was embarrassing. 
That's awful.  Some people are disgusting.
I understand. It is tough.
Me too. Clearance is the first place I head for in the store! It must be so difficult to be gluten intolerant - seems as if there's gluten in everything these days.
That is too bad.  It sounds like you need some knew people to surround you
I hope the hit will not be rejected.
I honestly started taking cbd oil by charlottes web, and my anxiety went away after a few days of using it 
Oh awesome! It's always nice to have those little surprises in life.
I'm sure you'll find someone. 
That is ok sometimes but getting out is important for you too
OH! I love around 70! That is perfect. Oh it's over 80 here, getting a little hot but it will  be nice when it's night time :) Nothing like a good  summer to lift the spirits
It sure sounds like you have done everything you can to make the day special!
That must of been no fun, hopefully he won't do it again.
Yeah, I used to love waking up in the morning and run downstairs to open my presents.
I am so sorry you have to worry about that 
That is great
thats cool i bet she will have fun
Thats no good. 
That is so true!
That will make getting exercise during or after work a lot easier.
I lost my wallet once but didn't find money in it when it was returned to me.
Adult life can definitely be difficult, but we get a lot of freedom now though.
It's pretty early to have Christmas planned already. I should get on that as well.
yes my friends play it
That is great!
thats great.  i love kids
Same here. Neither do I, but there are impressive museums out there that kinda make you change your stance.
I always get rice and steak there.
It sounds like it may have been a box turtle.  They are good as pets!
Hope you have fun!
That is smart, hopefully thou it doesn't happen.
you definitely gotta appreciate them while you can
It was very sad and I am sorry you had to go through that,
I'm glad you guys can start to come together again.
I guess you might have to reconsider this friendship.
ive been there several times but its not my favorite place
Yeah that would be a little embarrassing I am sure. 
That's good. Its important for the elderly to have some company.
im the same way
You need to do some prosmection and you will find the rate interest that you want.
You'll know for next time now. I know you must feel really bad.
I would be feeling quite anxious if I were you!  I am sure it will work out for you!
Makes you appreciate life more, doesn't it.
just gotta be careful where you swim
Oh wow! What a blessing!
I know that's gonna to be a terrible loss for the family. 
That's a relief then! Hope it's still delicious!
im really glad to hear it got worked out
Yeah, I guess they need to be agile to escape all the neighborhood cats!
You must be disappointed. I'm sorry.
I'm inclined to agree with you.  That's kinda strange.  The guy's ok with it? 
haha me too, never met a cake i didn't like.
Yummmy!  That sounds amazing!  I am sure you will have fun!
Better to be over prepared than under.
Oh now you're just making me hungry!
Rightly so!  Nothing worse than expecting something and then it not being there!
That's really sweet! Maybe they miss you, too.
Dogs are a good source of entertainment.
oh yes that's true.  i thought you might have dated later in life. 
Oh so you're both hunters!
I know, right.  Its kind of annoying but, also kind of nice.
Must feel terrible. Well, at least, you don't have to look after them then.
mutts are the most loveable.
hachi.  best dog movie ever.
I think I wouldn't go outside in close to 100 degree weather. That's crazy.
That's fabulous.  Love it when the older generation teaches the younger ones.
It's amazing how reaching those kinds of health goals brings things that you would have never even imagined before going through with it
They're trying to not pay if they don't have too.    more $ in their bank.
That was so nice that your were chosen to get it and hopefully pass it on again!
Fun! He must be really passionate about learning 
Wow, she is a little weird.
It definitely does.  You shouldn't have to stress about your job
For sure, they can teach us a lot
Ah, I miss naps. If only I could go back to Kindergarten.
That will be a very nice reunion.
Wow. Good luck. I hope you get the position.
I know! I think my wife is calling it quits after the 38th, though.
Ah, a must in a household of rugrats.
Oh my word! I thought bobcats were mythical like unicorns.
That's crazy!
You sound prepared!  I am sure you will make a good impression on the other party goers!
I guess you are right
Sweet! What are you going to be doing there? Always wanted to take a journey to the South.
Your kid should be on America's got Talent! unless you're not in america.
That's pretty neat! I work in a Nike sweatshop in Siberia, so I really can't say the same!
Well good luck. I think you'll do well if you studied that hard.
Yeah, being alone a big ole house is often times more spooky than not. I almost got nabbed by a ghost the last time I was alone.
It is tough.  Don't be too hard on yourself.  Just do better moving forward
That's so true. I was scared to put my kids in daycare
Yes that would be nice.
Awe a little sentimental? 
Thats great and a relief
I definitely know that feeling lol
That is great that you are prepared!
I do have a few really good ones. 
It's not the easiest thing to do, and so very few states ask for it.  The state I come from requires it.  It's just something you use in so very few situations, I'm surprised they still test for it.
My first few years I went from the east coast to Colorado. It will be the best time of your life.
That's sweet.
Man that is pretty crazy being that young even.
Being stressed never helps. 
It is ok. If the teacher was not angry, it should be fine.
We have cold winters but hardly ever any snow. I'm glad too
That isn't half as bad as what I was thinking it might be.  Glad to hear it was just overindulging in food.  Oh well, you always have tomorrow to be better!
That is awesome. You should marry her again lol
That's the best way to go about it - make sure you have time for all the things you need time for.  That way you're not running around like a chicken with your head cut off.
Give them to a homeless person.
I hope so too!
Just hope for a happy healthy baby!
I do but both are in heaven. But they are still my children..doctors/midwive mistakes on me (in a lawsuit) and so it affected the second one. Not trying again until I can go to a specialized doctor and get in perfect health.
On the one hand I miss them because there's nothing in the world like baby smell.  On the other, the best day of my life so far was when my youngest was potty-trained!
I've never seen a bunny. That;s weird
Well think about what qualities he has- There are so many dishonest people out there and abusive people. Sometimes we don't connect with someone good..but will regret it later. Definitely think on it as you'd never want to lose a good trustworthy person even if you just keep them as a friend
People let things get out of hand and it is so unecessary.
Oh how disappointing. 
I feel that way when my kids are gone
Yeah, but the state would never get out of debt if they had to pay the people for missing work just to wait in inefficient lines at the DMV.
you have to let those people go
I wouldn't either. She should find another job lol
Dang. Well I bet that really worked to get your point across haha
Sounds like a grand ole time. Everyone likes the good ole carriage ride every now and again.
We believe it and you just might
Some people make it to the other side. I'm glad ou did.
I know right? I am working on a side business so I can do that one day. You should totally get a side hustle.
I'm no doctor, but it sounds like you might need even more to balance things out.
Well, if that's how you feel then maybe it is best if you stay in the dugout and don't play the field. No shame in that.
That's sweet. You should've took a picture and framed it so you guys can cherish that moment forever
That is exactly how I would describe my grandma.  YOu are lucky to have had her
Yes, Now days, most neighbors don't talk to each other.
That's definitely a good sign!
Yeah, ignorance in youthfulness is sometimes a good thing. That's really terrible of your ex, though. He should be burned at the stake.
And you could have caught him in the closet!!!
That would be.  I am so sorry you had to go through that.
Its good that they are thoughtful, sound like very well mannered kids!!!
That is great
Nice. The Office is one of my favorite shows. I do enjoy Steve Carrell's character.
That's fair enough.  I wouldn't know what to do with a hurt bird.
Sounds great. You are lucky to have such thoughtful coworkers. 
That's pretty neat. I imagine is very nice working from home. I wish I could so that I can stop working at the Nike sweatshop.
Well, that's good. At least everything turned out okay in the end.
That is very awesome
Did you ride any that made you sick? Some of the ones that go upside down always make me sick. haha.
I am sure they learned from you
Indeed. The world can use a lot less people.
Wow. I bet you are grateful to be working. Being jobless is a horrible place to be. 
That is great to hear
I just think that's the worst way for the IRS to do things though. Life is hard and once you have debt from any numbers of things, it can be hard to climb back out of the red.  I'm so sorry you had that shock and I hope they work with you on payments.  
With all the extra time you have you should start a counseling service.  I know your mom would use you!
I do love getting gifts
That's cool man. I'm really not close to any of my relatives.
Wow! I bet that is scary. Good to know you made it okay. 
You definitely will
Good, thats what needed to happen
I can understand that
yea i think we have all been there
I am sure you are
Well that is too bad.  Maybe there is some way you can motivate him to work harder.
i hope it turns out well for you!
of course you were
You should enter a eating contest. Sounds like you could win. 
Yeah, that's how it was with my younger brother too. He always go his way.
That would scare me too
oh sorry to hear that
I think you are overreacting. Just try to find your medicine and calm yourself down. I am sure you will get the job.
That is really something to be proud of
Maybe he is just busy right now. I wouldn't lose hope yet. 
That is nice.
You're not good at a single one of those? I was a strong swimmer when I was a kid.
the NICU thats wonderful
My mom had a husky named Heidi for almost 16 years.  They are beautiful dogs but boy can they run away fast if they get an opportunity.
I am with you 
that is awesome
I bet. Maybe he will move closer to you soon. 
I always had trouble with math so anything above counting is beyond what I feel competent in.  Good luck on the test!
Oh, I am sorry for being so insensitive. I am sure your mother is in a better place.
What? Nothing too bad I guess...
hellz yea.. all about number 1
I'm sure it won't be too bad. You just have to work hard and hopefully you'll get promoted next time.
Ha ha! Awesome!  I bet you're great at it!  Get out a hose and just water them down! Its faster.  Hope you have a great game tomorrow!  Don't forget the orange slices.
I understand. I hope things will go smoothly.
That is good.  You will feel better
I am so sorry to hear that. I wish there was something more you could do.
People can be bad some time. I hope it will be better.
well at least you made it through
yea after the finals, at least he didnt go to the GSW haha
That is so good for the soul
Wow, I bet that was a happy surprise. I love looking at old pictures. 
I am sorry you have to deal with that. 
hah .. it gets better
Can't go wrong the sushi and steak special. A classic in Alaska.
thats good
It will take time, but I'm sure you'll be okay.
That pool noodle must be terrifying for her.
That's somewhat offensive.
Sounds interesting. I will have to check it out. 
Have you ever tried writing? That's what I do
It is a good sign that she shows that kind of care to them
ah thats understandable 
Wow. That's some friends you have there.
I am sure they will. They have to if they want to get a good grade.
That's good to hear. Glad you're ok.
I do miss some of my class
oh that sounds great. good luck
Im so sorry.. I wish I could fix that for you.
Oh no! Well those aren't such good friends.
I am sure you will find something
Not your fault at all! Somethings can't be helped.
I did attend college, but I am one of those statistics you hear about....a dropout.
Ah.. so it's that kind of situation. Yeah, it can be one thing if it's just something where kids are acting like kids, and you can't physically intervene in time. But it's another if you think it's neglect and that they're not responding appropriately to the situation. I would trust your judgment. I hope everything ends well with it though! I'm sure you gave your child lots of love afterward.
true! Life is full of learning, I am glad you have learned something from it, so many don't. Kudos!
That does sound scary
Oh wow. She sounds like super woman!
I got a clown for my daughters 4 birthday. Every single kids cried lol
every few years.. and its enough!
Well, that was nice of you. I'm glad you got a chance to squeeze in more family time and didn't go spend it just sitting around or something. I hope that happens more often for you.
I hope you win too!  Scratch them now and let me know if you win.  Now I'm excited for you! Hope you hit a big bank!
well don't worry too much ... the food isnt the most important thing and I am sure it will at least be satisfactory.  Focus on the family
I am sorry, that sounds terrible
I am so sorry to hear that. His memory lives on though.
I would blast them on social media. That is not good, especially for them not to take responsibility for it.
I actually got a vacuum myself but made a bad decision. The thing does not suck well.
I love boxers, and their cut off tails.
Who knew a diaper would be so terrifying.
I hope it's a better experience by the pier than mine.  hahahaha.
It's better to write things down than try to keep things in your head.
We have a lot of those where I live.
News clothes are always nice
he lived? Oh no. What happened?!
good luck next time!
Cherish every moment, they grow up SO fast!
I am right there with you.  I hope this is a sign of a great week to come!
I bet you will
I bet he hated missing it too! Work is good for bills but it interferes a lot with life
I would be too
You should talk to your friend about it. 
What a wonderful nostalgic piece.  My daughter is 8 and growing up way too fast.  I have a hand print ornament she made and I can't believe one day she'll be 13!
History is one my favorites as well!
Well at least they got out
I guess you'll have to get a storage unit.  The question then is what goes in the storage unit?  Furniture or the kids crafts.  Haha.
That happens to me too. I go to the store almost every day
Well as long as they love it
That sounds great!
I am sure you guys have a great bond and many fun memories.
Was the cat nice? I know they can be sassy when they don't get all of the attention lol
I guess, but they can always teach them
That's great when someone you love puts in the extra effort to be there for you
One good friend who you can trust is better than a bunch you can't. It's just part of growing up sometimes. School can be an exercise in mental strength.
Thats so sweet of you.
I will not either
Yeah, I can totally understand that. It can be exhilarating and a different experience, I would imagine. But I would understand that you wouldn't want to have to deal with the after effects. I never have trouble with nightmares, so I don't worry about that. As for me, I'm still on the fence about ghosts.
That must be really difficult and lonely for you. I hope you guys can get something figured out.
that is really nice of you
If they know you, they should know better.
I did not expect that kind of reaction! But I guess I don't know enough about possums. Maybe that makes sense. I compare them almost to raccoons, who I've seen be very aggressive. Well, it looks you made a new friend. I hope you named them!
I know exactly what you mean. Someone returned my purse at the casino once. It still had my money in it!
Wow.. That's almost noble. I hope you're able to still properly survive without it, especially since it's unfair that you're not getting it in the first place. I'm sorry you're being put in that position. One day I'm sure your children will recognize and appreciate you had to go through for them.
I'm in college I understand. Just have to keep pushing forward and you'll so great
Seriously!  I just keep thinking that they are a person just like me and it doesn't always means they are better than me just because they are entitled.  As they say, everyone puts their pants on one leg at a time.
I would too! Most officers dont show up for that.
Maybe you should go on a trip together
Haha, that's incredible. A lot of parents wouldn't feel that way... After 18, they're done. That's pretty cool of you to feel that way, but I guess that speaks volumes about the kind of kids you have and how good they are. It sounds like you raised them right.
I can understand that
That is something that is a dream! Enjoy it so much! congrats
That is so sad to hear.  I hope things go well with the therapy and you are reunited soon.
Those are great names! And that does sound like a good idea, as long as you're comfortable with it. It's such a tenuous situation.. to want another pet to fill the void, but to be scared that you will be disappointed when they don't live up to their predecessors. My girlfriend will be in the same situation when her dog passes. She's already getting nervous since her dog is 10-years-old.
EW!  I might start sleeping with ear plugs in now too.  I've heard you eat 8 spiders on average in a lifetime, some in your sleep.  So many things to be scared of with bugs! I'm so glad they were able to get it out.  Tell her I hope she gets over the trauma of it okay.
Oh my god! I have done something similar before. I don't get embarrassed easy but I know such things do sting a bit!
Police here do that sometimes. It sucks.
Well thats what I mean. I hate when people take advantage of others
It's all behind you now.
I actually had some move in a couple of days ago. I have figured them out yet lol
I wonder what my old school looks like now
You should check if they raised your rates unexpectedly or maybe something you bought is eating up a lot of electricity.
I hope he learned his lesson.
Remember to cherish them as we can all go at any minute :)
A Hoover seems like a reliable choice. My girlfriend is a neat freak, and decided to go with a big purchase, a Dyson, which is more expensive. I've used it and it's not bad. Still not sure I'd pay as much as she did for a vacuum cleaner, but who am I to argue. Anyway, I'm happy for you.
You will likely never hear about any of this stuff in a doctors office, but it can heal almost anything!  I hope your son is better before the end of summer.  Keep hope alive!
That sucks.
Oh lol, Well it
Yea, they're his parents. I can imagine everyone being hesitant about telling them what not to do with their own child.
Well, there you go.  She enjoyed it and if she didn't complain or scoff at you, then she sounds like a keeper!
Oh you have kids, too? They're going to be so happy!
I bet its fun. I cant swim though
That is very thoughtful of you.
Wow. Im sorry
That's true. It's nice of you to put yourself in their shoes.
Yeah, I guess it depends on your household. I just tag along with my parents from time to time to get certain things in bulk. But I think you need to have a certain amount of people in your family for it to be worth the membership. Still, I really appreciate the business and the owner as a whole.
What?!! That's terrible.  I don't understand how people don't take care of things that don't belong to them when its a privilege to use borrowed things.  
I hate that happened to you. I know the feeling too. Someone stole my car from the work parking lot once. I had just soent over 1500 getting things fixed on it.
It is rarely easy to know the right thing to do in these sorts of situations.  This might be a situation that calls for some professional help.
That's pretty cool! I hope everything goes well with the training and raising of it. Your wife sounds really cool to do that for you.
I'm glad you're going to talk about it instead of being passive aggressive about it.
Sometimes it means increased work commute, or higher costs of living. But sometimes that can be worth it in terms of the health benefits and lifestyle improvements that come along with it. It's all a balance. I'm glad you seem to have found yours!
It will save you a lot of money too
Hope you find something you like.
Lids today are so picky about everything. Its sort of strange. Its nothing like when I was growing up
Oh man... When you consider all that, then yeah, definitely cut ties. If they did that to me more than twice, then I would realize really quick that they weren't the type to depend on or waste time on. I feel sorry for you. People should have friends that recognize their worth and be able to respect that relationship. Go out and find you someone who will.
I love a good rock concert!
It must've been. I hope that never happens to you again.
Not too many of those around nowadays
oh haha i know that feeling.
I hope it's what you expected to be!
Well, I hope you get better soon.
Oh yea. I heard the buffets there are amazing.
That is so hard to imagine.She will need all the help she can get from you.
Cthat sounds amazing!
I know what you mean, they are cool to look at but if they are near me it spooks me hard.
Well, absence always does make the heart grow fonder. It will make your relationship a little strained, but the time you guys do get to spend together maybe will mean more and you can enjoy it more. Hopefully his college work doesn't stress him out too much for him to be able to enjoy hanging out.
Oh, I didn't mean anything about the age! Who cares about that. I'm just a doofus when it comes to social interaction, so I get nervous and avoid things that put attention on me. But I hope you have a lot of fun, especially since your husband went through so much effort. I bet he knows you and what you like well and it will be great.
Its so commendable that you went over and told them right away.  Not everyone would do that.  Your actions increases my faith in the goodness of people.
That is awesome
I love BMWs. They must've been so happy!
Oh goodness, you will find someone better.
Well, there is your chance
I'm glad they did that for you. So it wasn't all that bad having to work on your birthday then.
Oh wow! That is kind of scary.
Privacy is so important to have sometimes.
That is good
I am very happy for you!
Me too! I hope we both enjoy it a lot!
Yes, you should,You are very lucky.
I know it is so disturbing
Well I hope you have fun!
I am really glad to hear that. 
Ah I see. That would be a good guess then.
I am sure you are prepared for this interview.
Wow! That is a miracle!
You are going to ace that interview
That sounds really fun. Hopefully you have some help.
I can understand that
I understand your frustration.
Ha ha ha. yes indeed!
I am very happy for you!
Oh that's so bad. But, at least you realized your mistake. You are a good person.
Are you kidding?? They were the favorites all the way.
Wow, that sounds terrible.
Well,if he really is your friend you shouldn't.
Yes! that's very bad. I don't like it either
I am sorry to hear that.I am sure he is in a better place.
Families move all the time.The kids will be fine.
Oh wow! That is very impressive!
I wish only the best for him.
Thats fun though
that is really great.
I can sympathize with you.
I am sure she will graduate with honors and get a great job
I am so sorry. That must be very difficult.
I see. A war would be horrible.
I am sorry to hear that.Do you have full cover insurance.
she sounds like a rude person.
That's a little annoying, since you just have to sit there and wait for it to end haha.
I can not disagree with you.
You probably need to get more motivated.
I hope you will feel better.
I guess she didn't get a cat then.
I am glad people still pay attention to the outside world.
Oh my gosh! I would have been so mad. Did you call them and complain? They need to fix it.
I do have kids. Being a mom can be hard, but it is so rewarding.
Things will get better soon.
You should of called and told them.
I hope you can forgive yourself.
You should tell them.
I am sure he can also count on you for everything
I am sure it was not that bad.
That was nice of him.
I hope he can do so quickly!
i bet it was with something like that.
No, I am well educated. He lowered taxes. 
You should better yourself and fix this situation.
That's nice you can rely on her.
You should return it.
I'm also going to college in the fall, but I'm gonna be a sophomore.
yea i bet it does.
You should. You must immediately let your friend know and apologize for your behavior
You must have some great people in your life.
You should sue them.
That's really exciting, I'm happy for you.
i bet you were so happy.
You would be a good planner.
You should of done it in person.
Just have faith and everything will work out.
I guess it depends on what the next couple of years hold.
You are well prepared.
I'm sure it was, I hope the next time isn't as bad for you.
There are other girls out there.
Things will work out if you stay positive.
As it is summer, i was a bit surprised to see raining in your place
i dont to be honest just try to get through the day but ive never been in a relationship so it gets bad
That's okay, she will forgive you.
How old are you
I'm sure it was, hopefully it's gone for good.
oh thats awesome, you are a good person, we need more booze people
I know right! It's weird how it's faster than a gasoline car.
You should be grateful for having such a caring father
Hard work always pays off.
You are making memories that will last a lifetime.
dang thats shooting high
That would be very helpful.
It is always a good thing to stay optimistic.
You will find a good career.
I hope you can learn to forgive them for it. 
You seem very excited. I hope it turns out the way you want it to.
i bet it was.
I'm sure you had a good time!
That sounds like you were happy with the decision that you made. 
I am sorry to hear that. I think you should join your parents when they go shopping for a pet to a store
Oh cool, I've never watched that one before!
Hopefully you won't have to take an additional Physics course in the future!
I would sure hope so! That poor kid.
Patience is always a good thing.
Oh I bet that was embarrassing. I have had that happen too.
Fantastic, I imagine you must be so proud.
i see what you mean i would be too
I am happy for you.
they do look a little scary! 
oh yea i work out a lot and im no where close so you must work hard
You've got to be careful, that can cause a very serious accident!
It will be
I'm glad you didn't get hurt.
always good to be prepared
Your hard work is paying off! Keep it up.
That's great! You have to keep a good attitude about it. I hope you get the part you want!
definitely good old days!
That's cool. It's good to be supportive of your friends.
haha thats quite funny
Yes it was. I miss that time in my life.
That's so sweet!! I see you said she was a baby, but how old is she currently? 
Yes, the beaches there would be really fun to go explore. Plus lots of sight seeing!
i bet it is, so sad.
Teachers? Well it's not always the case. I never let school interfere with my education
Slow down. Do not jump into such conclusions so fast. I highly recommend you to immediately reach out to a doctor
Well done. I'm sure she'll appreciate it
I see. It would be quite lonely without a roommate to share the experience with.
i bet it is.
Trash cans? How odd. Maybe you should complain to the city
You should not be so insecure about your partner.It is not healthy.
Indeed. Many thought that way, but he actually delivered on his promises
I bet it does. I am so sorry. Try to think of all the good times with him.
Congratulations.You probably are very proud of her.
wow, thats so nice.  there are alot of people in life who have no one.
It is difficult when we all have busy lives and limited resources.
funny how nobody told you about it
Have fun! That sounds like a great time.
That's great! I'm happy for you. I hope you get along real well
Good! I'm glad it worked out for you guys at least
Be sure and put it in a safe place.
It's better to end things than to wait for years. Don't waste any more time like I did. 4 years
That sounds like a fun time! Enjoy!
Wow how kind of her! You are lucky to have such a good mom.
I see,  what did you do instead
Sometimes I do
That's hard, but he will be back! Try to take your mind off him by doing some fun activities
I hope it wasn't a lot of money.  Sometimes it takes a hard lesson to learn whom to let in your life.
If you have other family member around you, ask around and get everyone involved.  It should be nice.
That is so cool. 
He can live on in memories perhaps
Wow, that's so lucky! I should do that as well just in case!
That's awesome. I want a baby nephew :(
That is good that you trust him, but temptation is never good for anyone.
That's horrible!  If you don't have insurance there are a lot of pro bono lawyers that will take your case.  Report it to the police so it is documented and justice will prevail.  You don't deserve or need to put up with that.
Oh yes. Got like 400 games on it.
Someone randomly walked up to you and kissed you? That's odd
OK
Oh my days lol. That's a classic. I like 2 stupid dogs myself
I always make a list before a trip and triple check it before I leave.
It's hard to find forgiveness for something like that.  Still it's better that he confessed than you having to find out otherwise.  If only a little better/
That is very nice. Congratulation.
I hope the person's conscience makes them feel guilty and they come clean about the situation! And hopefully reimburse you!
Got any family out there? Cousins perhaps
Cool, I like those, but they are crazy expensive, if you want a thick one.
Did you lose anything you can't replace? Important documents or pictures? Must be some bright light.
yea but exams can still really suckk
That's a good movie. Yes, time really goes by fast and those memories remind us of the good times.
Oh yeah that would be such a fun find!
That would make sense, assuming she is getting pretty old.
Oh that's the worst...I wish people would just say what they want to say
eh its not bad, its quite productive 
The British version of the U.S. version? 
It is ok. It was a scary situation.
Wow, engineering, sounds impressive.  I'm sure the income will be awesome.
That sounds delicious and healthy also.
That is so true. After all we can't change the past only learn from it.
That is so bad, the police should be called for that.
Those kind of thing happened from time to time.
oof thats harsh i feel for you
yea and immigarants
I am glad everything turned out alright!
You are lucky that your girlfriend is a gamer.
You must of done something right in raising them. 
That is unacceptable, find a job!
That's a great feeling, I don't like having any kind of bill anyway.
That is nice. Congratulation.
oh thats nice
That is so weird, maybe try contacting them and see what happened. Sorry to hear.
Hopefully he didn't get hurt. It might be time to put a lock on the gate.
well that was observant of her.. sometimes people dont even notice 
That is always nice
I am not sure what you picked up
yeah i can  imagine
Never give up hope. I like your thinking.
That has been fun
I have dells are really reliable! 
yea i wouldnt either
I didn't understand you.
Rightly said! It always comes in handy!
yuk
That is a good outlook to have.  A little chance is better than no chance!
Hopefully he continues his streak at LA as well
Apparently everyone is our enemy now, how sad!
So sorry to hear that man.. i hope you get to go very soon
I really hope you guys get it
That could be possible, make sure you watch out during the night time!
Awesome! So happy for you my friend
Sorry to hear that my friend.. hopefully it works out better next time
I can understand that. You are more passionate than others
I guess you can just start trying to save for it.  Don't be jealous or it will eat you up inside!
I'm sure if you work hard you could afford it too.
Sorry to hear that my friend. I hope things work out for you at work soon enough
I really hope you get it buddy
Oh shoot.. I wish you get to go soon enough buddy
Alright, anyways good for you!
Knock outs are the best!  When was UFC established?  I feel like it was been around for a while!
The prices have risen alot with all the technology and electrical components.
I hope you can get it fixed easily. I know they are not cheap to replace.
A good sound plan.  You're right it is a father's responsibility to protect his family.
Haha.. thats a really funny story!
I've been thinking of forcing myself to take time off.  We all need a break from time to time.
That's pretty short.  I went 7 years.  Decided the next girl I met I'd marry, we just celebrated 13 years toghether.
I am sure he will!  Florida is a great place to visit!
I'm sure she is okay. My dog throws up randomly too sometimes.
Good for you :) I wish and pray you get it buddy
that good it makes you healthy 
Treat everyone the way you want to be treated.
I have a friend who recently graduated from there and have landed a job in a law firm
(*ratio)  I watch my score like a hawk.
It sucks when your wife made said plans hahaha!
You are lucky to have a friend willing to help.
coworker can help you in different situation 
Wow, that is a pretty awesome place to go!
thats good
Oh wow, that is gonna be  anew experience for you!
That would be best, they can get expensive to fix
It is. I've lost both of mine.  It will get better with time.
Oh, that is a smart move, I would have been just as scare
Oh ok.. I was scared for a minute there.  Congratulations on your successful relationship! LOL
Its tough, but hey at least it's something.
Well that is a very expensive gift, she cannot expect to get stuff that costs so much!
i hope so
No he didn't.. but at least they were admitting they were assholes, you didn't have to wait till you were older to figure it out.
I love the one dollar slots, but I always loose everything
I know, it is sad that people must pass, but I am grateful for the time I did get with her
At least pokemon go is popular now..
Wow, that should be interesting, have fun!
thats good
That makes sense, you gotta prepare for that my man, you know how that goes!
i agree! I've been married for 5 years and i can't imagine being with anyone else but my wife
That makes sense too, that is all I eat now, my metabolism may catch me one day, I need to make changes as well, but great for you losing the weight!
Sometimes but I like natural cool stuff better, and making collages out of brochures and free stuff I find along the way.
thats good
I am the same way, Every time I lie im thinking.  they dont believe me at all
that's wonderful! Congrats! I didn't have a lot of easy classes when i was in college
New York is very beautiful and the people there are very friendly, so i'm sure you'll do fine. 
might as well find out now before it get worse
That is really exciting. I bet since you have a good feeling, they will call back.
thats cool
ah thats cool
Exactly, hopefully you found a new hobby.
Congratulations on graduating college and I wish you the very best.
I feel the same. I used to be pretty athletic, but now I take in most sports from the comfort of my sofa!
Sounds like a good idea to go slow and make sure things don't get too heavy too fast.
Thats exactly how i feel, i have hanged out with them and its always kids crying and running around
So happy for you! Yes- having extra money is always a reason to celebrate!
Wow, it's always the people that your closest to that end up changing.
SO frustrating. Hopefully you were able to provide feedback to the owner. Not sure they could/can *do* anything about it, but still -- maybe you've helped pay it forward to the next visitor!
That's fair. The same would be true in any other nation.
Saint Lucia is absolutely beautiful. You were very lucky to go there.
You are being to negative.Whit this attitude, you are gonna fail for sure
I think the tax cuts has made investors bullish on capital investment which Trump administration has passed as a law
I agree, second chances are awesome. They always surprise me because I don't expect much after the first chance.
I agree, get those things OUT! I hope they never come back!
oh my condolences for you, you would have good memories of it.
SAME. Because when it came out, it felt groundbreaking! I remember being soooo scared and jumpy for weeks after seeing that.
I guess so, and I am not even a Trump supporter.
Hopefully you don't wake up and ruin your sleep over them too often.
I love that feeling. Being prepared for whatever comes your way, good luck!
it definetly is. I hope we move forward to eliminate this issue
Even if nothing ever comes of music, you're still having fun I hope! Thats really what music is supposed to be about anyways. Making a few million is always a nice bonus though!
Oh my, I hope you are ok.
I bet the weather was nice too!
ya you should and you be proud of your achievement 
Yeah that's definitely the way to go. Get out as fast as possible.
I would have been nauseous too.
Me too. If she gets plenty of rest, the baby will be just fine.
very frustating but congratulations on the results
I haven't been to the zoo in a long time, I hope you have fun.
Dang well its a good thing that you made it out okay!
True but chips taste sooo much better
I would be so annoyed. You could have stayed home and watched Twitch.
Just take a few deep breathes and be confident!
Hopefully all goes well. We could use a little cash.
no problem! Hope to see you 
Yeah, it is. But just realize that you are not the one acting weird.
Make the best of it! 
Sometimes resetting the modem & router helps. But, it won't do much if the ISP isn't good to begin with. Careful with going too cheap, though, you might end up worse
Indeed. Growing up, i now realize how much my parents have sacrificed in order to provide for me
Yes, you will coquer that exam!
Have you heard of the ketogenic diet? I am thinking about going on it.
I hope so. I think he will be out, but apparently his approval rating has gone up.
I imagine so.  The holidays are the times we really miss those who are no longer with us.  I hope in time though you can remember the happy times and the good memories you have made with her over the years.
Lovely! Did you ski or sled? Sledding is a whoooooole different animal there!
Oh that is so frustrating. I'm sorry to hear that. I am a travel agent- flight prices fluctuate by the hour- keep watching, they might go back down. 
I would be thrilled!  I think it's a great idea
Oh, I see. Well we all think differently about things we reflect on later. Use it as a personal lesson for other things in life
Yes I think you can try chaining it
please don't worry .you have to be so confident in these times.keep going whatever happens
Wow, what the heck. Tell your chief it was your assistant who did it
You know that almost sounds like that could be a movie. There are so many people caught up with drugs today in the United States and around the world
Argh! Was it an accident of some kind? I hope YOU are okay!
Awww, I bet they are. I don't have a dog right now but I want one. I just don't know what breed yet.
I guess that makes sense but still. I would have been furious and let them know I had a vacation planned.
Never stop trying!  There are plenty of fish in the sea!
i love lawyers too especially the serious ones as they know how to bring back justice
I'm so sorry to hear about that
Yes, that's probably true. I bet they are very happy, too.
I t is an strong feeling for sure.
That's great! I bet she loved to hear your voice.
Best of luck to you, I'm sure they saw your excitement and confidence and employers love that.
Does she have any family you can call to check on her? 
So t
I found a cat too as a stray. We kept hoping we would find it's owner so never gave her a name so her name was forever Miss Kitty.
But at least you took the time to prepare! That's better than some people
Some people just have amazing dedication, something I don't seem to have.
Ah, gotcha. I am a not strong republican and I agree with you. Trump has had his days.
Sometimes personality is better than looks
That's really sad.  I hear about fatal car accidents more and more these days.  
It is very sad.
Was your home damaged? Was anyone hurt in your area? I've never seen a hurricaine, except on the news. 
Yes it is very hot and humid where I am. Always makes a good excuse to kick back in a nice, cool house!
Oh wow I bet it was a good thing for the whole office to hear! 
it's important to take care of and maintain things you own. if properly maintained they can last for a long time.
Watch out for the pirates of the Caribbean and the Bermuda triangle!
I'm sure everything will turn out ok
I am so sorry.  It must make work hard
C'mon man, I just finished eating. I hope you took a shower and bought some new shoes.
But what a good start in life. If she's going to leave home, it might as well be for the Ivy League.
I'm sure you'll be great parents!
Or you could even just drop the vege anything and just minimize your animal protein intake
Wow, you prepared for this type of thing and it still happened? I would express my annoyance with the doctor for sure
Do you live somewhere with lots of trick-or-treaters? It sounds like fun.
I will have to check out newegg based on your recommendation. They sound fantastic so thanks!!
Oh, wow. Sounds like they really care about you. 
Ah, I see. Well I hope it at least got worked out for you guys
For sure, that move is really hard. Only a few dozen people can do it in the world at a high level
Well they do like to hang out in corners. I would try not to worry too much. They are more interested in bugs.
Sounds like you had a great relaxed afternoon!
music brings back lots of memories
That's messed up. Do you know who did it? 
I'd atleast leave a review about it.
Not how you want to spend your Sunday, that's for sure!
Well, I hope the job is close to where you live. Long commutes are the worst, and they can take away from your personal time.
That's great!
Yeah, sometimes it's good to get brand new if you can afford it! Buying old runs the risk of it breaking more.
That's okay. You gave him a good story to tell. 
that's happened to me before and it really shakes you. at least you are alright which is the important part.
When I was young we had tintypes. You had to stay still for 45 minutes for your picture to be taken. I don't miss the ol' days!
I bet she was so confused lol
If you accept it you can enjoy taking a nice vacation that you otherwise wouldn't be able to afford.
The old ways are the best ways sometimes. 
Oh wow, that's very nice of her. A lot of people would have just stolen it.
Yeah sometimes doctors will notice something before it gets worse. Better to be safe than sorry!
Oh my!  That's so scary!  Glad you're ok!!
That could have been you..
Well, you should know that your feelings are a normal thing to happen in this event.
Oh yeah, why's that? Don't tell me you spilled some delicious coffee!
Ah, I see. Well, it's been a lot longer since I did calculus. Good on you, remembering that stuff!
Please try to stay positive. Having a positive attitude can do great things for recovery! Many people have survived cancer!
I agree. Time flies by so fast!
Remember we are role-playing! Don't talk about this or any tasks! :)
Hah! So all that time you were just feeling your dog licking you! Weird how that works.
Don't worry. They will probably run over your mailbox one day and hope you don't have a camera.
Disneyland? I forgot there's a difference between "land" and "world". I hope you had a great time
Sometimes there is actually a grace period after the due date.  I've paid bills a couple of days late without a fee (not sure about credit card interest, though).
Let her know how proud you are of her! Throw a party or something :)
That is impressive, where is she having her wedding?!
You should have talked to your mom.
Aw, don't take it too serious though. Everyone pukes in public at least once in their life!
It's good to hear they were good live, that can't be said about every group.
Everyone could use a friend like you. You sound like a very motivating person!
I hope he has a great career ahead of him!
Wow! one thousand is alot. Welldone buddy, enjoy your winning
That's awful. I feel bad for people that have to live in areas prone to natural disasters like that.
If he's done that to you, he's doing it to others -- that kind of behavior isn't sustainable. Others are *bound* to notice at some point -- but I know waiting for that is frustrating!
If your workplace is anything like mine, you'd have heard plenty by now. I've done something similar, but could call my husband to sneak in some clean clothes - they are useful now and again!
There is so much competition for jobs  
Wow thats annoying.  but I hope they gave you more than you were supposed to get back
Maybe you could work night shift too and that way you will be able to spend more time together.
I would love to go their! I hope you have a great time!
Yes, that's a good idea. I think 7am is way too early for that.
Maybe one day you will be able to work you way up to being the next Tony Hawk.
One time this lady 1 house away scooped up all the cat poo from my cat under her window into a bag and put it on my front door with a note.  I thought... why did she clean it up for me?  Wouldn't it have been more affective to ask me to clean it up?  
Oh my!
How did the dirtbike hold up? And how old are you?!
The bill that they quack from.
Hm.. yeah that is a dilemma. I mean if you can afford it, the honest thing would be to go and offer the manager to pay it back.
At least you didn't get into an accident.  I guess it could have been a lot worse.
prayer works for me. I hope it does for you too so that person you just talked about won't get the job
Wow!  That's amazing.  It must be so awesome that they have each other to hang out and have fun with.  
I have never in my life heard of that breed before.  I'll look it up.  That is really cool I have 3 crazy untrained minpin
Well there is no 'I' in hope. It is a something we all have to do at some point in life.
Ugh. Maybe you can wait out that relationshio.
Yes there are. Most of the people are very nice.
Gee, I hope you can find it. Maybe retract where you have been recently and you will find it!
That's great. I hope you have a good workout at the gym!
Hope she doesn't crash it!
Oh sorry I thought maybe you got a pet. Well I am happy for you guys!
I would totally have some if you let me. I love chocolate chip!
I love baseball.  The have better snacks than every other sport.
Are you two gonna date?!
I bet.  If he is anything like you he will grow up to be a great person.
Wow, that's so cool. Sign me up for that! I'd like to be healed!
It's hard to do, but so important. I'm not super smart, but I'm organized as heck. It makes a difference. 
Definitely don't feel bad then.  I think everyone cried during that movie!
Yeah, I heard it's good to study in silence because that way you're in the same environment you'll be when you take the test
Keep your head up. Maybe you'll get picked the next time around.
Well, hopefully he lived a good and happy life.  
Well I hope he learned his lesson. We don't play those games where i'm from.
I hope it's nothing serious. I know how upsetting having a sick pet can be. 
That's frustrating, nothing ever seems to go right the first time you try it! Glad you got it working finally!
Nice! I hope you win!
NOOOOOOOO!!!! Bad kids! That must have been infuriating. 
Can't stay young forever! 
I'm so jealous! I hope you have a great trip!
For sure. We sometimes forget that the elderly were young once and did so much like working, raising and caring for their families.
It is impressive. 
Wow, that must be quite some distance then! Have a safe flight!
I've been thinking a lot about when I was a kid recently.
Oh no! That's no fun. I hope they're not still mad at you!
That is good!  It seems like you dodged the bullet!
i think the franchise has just started trying too hard.
There are worse things to be worried about. Good job on you for taking safety seriously!
Yeah I would too. I hope you get the money back!
So nice of you.  You are truly blessed to have family.
That sounds like so much fun! I bet you two will have a great time together. 
Yes that is a nasty thing to experience. But at least you were able to extract the hair!
Well then maybe you should get some bats. They love to eat mosquitos!
me too. some are not as fortunate as us.
Call the police! Or move. 
It means the devil's fart, haha! Good bread though.
Whoa! That is so cool! I guessed because you said the crack sound happened.
Well know that it isn't any different from you checking out other girls too.
That is something to look forward to!
congrats! that is amazing news.
Maybe you will be able to make some extra money!
Hah, I used to eat Count Chocula cereal. I know exactly what you are talking about!
well im confident one day you will win in life something great in life , better than money 
That is very scary. We have had a lot of rain here and when that happens large trees often come down.
I can't say it has worked for me though. I have believed myself a ruler of the world but still live in this box.
That's too bad. Hopefully it will go on sale in the future or you can find a coupon!
Oh God, that must have been aggravating. Hopefully you can get it dismissed.
That's wonderful.  It's good to have good friends.
i love video games , from nintendo to ps4 ive owned them all , im happy for you
I'm really sorry to hear that! 
I hope it works out for you, stay safe.
Wow that's fantastic! i wish i had that kind of will power
Well I hope that you two have a bunch of fun. I have been together with my partner for a very long time, and I feel very lucky.
Exactly! If only we could go back.
Hey, hope oyu can get the money back from insurance and they don't charge you a ton more.
If you have someone with you cards are great. Good luck in your next storm!
That is not something I would want to come home to seeing. And your day at work was bad too, wow!
Depending how far away he is, he probably will! Just make sure to spoil him when he does lol!
Keep your chin up! That special person will come along when you're least expecting it!
I hope they aren't like a crazy stalker or anything.  Be careful!
Well I'm glad you have good memories to remember him by.
That was a good time for me as well. I liked to hang out with my friends and get in trouble.
Aww I bet Snoopy has a great loving family. Glad you rescued the pup!
Oh i bet it looks great! I just finished a kitchen remodel myself.  i did white cabinets and painted my countertops.
that's huge.  U actually worked on yourself.  So,  how did you do it? 
Oh ok. That's awesome. It's nice to have something of value.
Wow.  Well, if that was the culture and climate of that workplace, you are definitely better off not working for them.  Very sad.
I hope you you work behind a desk. That is the only way you can hide them!!!
Congratulations on your new job! You must have worked very hard to get there!
Ah, well Im sure they had a wonderful time.  It is the happiest places on earth.
Well you probably won't be lending your car again any time soon hahah!
Ah, I suppose I could have guessed. It's the game everyone is talking about lately. I heard it's quite good!
Ha, that would be some pretty good revenge. Maybe you should go ahead and find a new job where you will be appreciated.
Oh my gosh, that makes it so much worse! I have done that before too, so I hope that neither one of us has that happen again!!
OMG, those things make the hair on the back of my neck stand up. Hopefully it didn't get into your house.
That is what I hate about any amusement park ride - the drops!
I'll bet it was! I don't have family around, so I know how lonely that can feel!
That's a good friend for sure - I'd keep their number on speed dial!  
Aww, poor girl. Hopefully the vet can figure it out and it isn't anything too serious. You're doing the right thing.
I think those are just outliers, you'll find that there are plenty of well established tourist areas that will accommodate you well. Just don't focus on the negatives!
You can't let it get you too down.  There are some places that just promote people for reasons not related to job performance.
That's so true! I have a theory that time is just a way to keep everything from happening at once. 
You can and should make the best of it. You should have a blast and binge watch some TV show!
I'm sure if you just relax and focus on being confident, you will do great! Best of luck!
That's pretty good!  That should qualify for you to graduate with honors.
I definately can't run a mile. She did great.
That's crazy. They shouldn't of taken advantage of your step father like that.
Oh my gosh they did get you good. You have to get them back even if it's not on April Fools day!
Well I am sure they won't hold it against you. Honest mistake.
I think that's unethical. I would switch to a new one if I could (and all her friends weren't there)
oh YUCK!  Well, I'd suggest a waterproof mattress cover just in case it happens again.  At least if it does happen again, it won't get into the mattress and you can wash the rest of the bed clothes.  I'm so sorry you discovered it that way!
Awww well that was nice of you, a lesser person might have stomped it or hurt it.
Ouch.  That is awkward.  I imagine you can just explain to her that the message was sent to her by mistake.  It happens.
Thats kind of mean of him.  Tell your boss that he cheated and that you should've won instead.  That'll teach him not to brag
that sounds amazing. I've only been to puerto rico and the keys. what a lovely wife to give you such a great surprise.
Well at least it was nothing serious. Hope they don't fight any more.
Aren't they just the most cute, and insanely calculating animals!  
If you keep a new car long enough it comes out about even! If you keep that in mind then a new car actually becomes a great investment!
I totally understand, it can be scary if you don't like all the unknown noises.
That's awesome, I love fighting games.
thats really good to hear , infections are a serious matter glad your ok
Most snakes aren't poisonous so hopefully it wasn't. Just know that it probably couldn't have hurt you, and I hope that you don't see any more in the future!!
Ugh I feel ya. They talked about that with mine, too. I almost passed out when they were doing the epidural!
Well, I'm glad that things seem under control. I'm also glad that you got to spend some time with the dog because it sounds like you had a great time.
I understand, trust me.  My family was the same way growing up.
Yeah, that would not have ended well. I usually take a picture of their license plate and publicly shame them on social media haha.
Cool cool, when do you think it would be best to visit Mississippi? 
I'm sure it will make you feel a little better. And at least that way you can pick a group based on similar interest. I hope you get to feeling better.
The scene with his daughter was pretty sad. I don't blame you at all.
i hope you have a lot of fun , i cant wait to go on my vacation as well 
I guess she wanted to keep it a secret for some reason.
Well you can only keep going and keep playing. Someday it could be the real winning ticket.
They sure do. I also really like watching them do trick skiing too. 
This is true.
That sounds great, I'm a bit jealous. I love theme parks!
Oh I bet that was a load of anxiety! I can't imagine going through that
How will it make it easier?  More financial stability?  I hope you get it also!!
Oh wow, you think they would get to cleaning up an animal that big as soon as possible. Glad it's gone now though!
I remember playing tag and hide and go seek in the neighborhood with all of my friends
Hah, I bet some things you probably wanted to forget. I know I did.
we are all the new kid for a moment. soon it will feel like you fit right in. just give yourself some time.
Ouch, I hope you don't either. I'd keep any eye out at work from now on.
As I understand it, Croatia were the underdogs so I can totally understand supporting that.
oh no. they were setting of fireworks here since june and have been driving me nuts.
well at least something positive came from it.  i bet no one else will mess with her either!
Maybe you should have someone go down with you.  Good luck!!
I totally know that feeling. It seems that everyone thinks that their situation is more important that everyone else's. 
That's awesome! Did you still give her a nice tip though? Lol!
I'm sure you'll be fine! I have hope
That's good for you though, now you both get paid
oh no. hopefully it was an innocent prank.
I bet they are.  I hope he is heathy and happy!
Oh yeah those are very nice. Well I hope you guys can make it happen.
That sounds great! We are going on a cruise next Spring Break with my family also. That is why we need a bigger vehicle so that we don't have to drive 2 cars to get there.
Pizza makes everything better. Hope your night ends on a good note!
That's awesome, hope you're enjoying your new ride!
I get that feeling.  Something about the dark just feels so depressing sometimes.
Memories are a good thing
that's so great! lots of hard work i bet.
That will be very different.  How do you feel about it?  I wish you lots of luck and adventure while you're there!  
The human body truly is amazing. I could never do things like that either. Either way, I am happy for her!
That is so terrible, life is so short.  you never knwo when you're going to go
Well that sounds terrible, I am sorry
i love to make shredded bbq chicken sandwich, get chicken breast seasone place in crack pot 
people like that , is what kids need a strong back bone that never give up
I don't see any negative aspect to it, but maybe there tis.
Oh gosh I bet! It's so hard to watch them grow up!
I am sure, grieving can always take time. It is so hard to lose such a faithful companion.
my husband are a 1 income household so i totally understand. you get what you can with what you've got so you can get by until the next payday
I think you risk not building social ties with your coworkers but sometimes you have no choice.
Yea it's always sad when a relationship doesn't work out.  Hopefully in the future he can be more honest.
You will get something soon that hard work is going to pay off.
I'm sorry for you loss.
That's so true! I live 700 miles away from my best friend and when we get together it's just like old times.
Thats mean of them.  I hope you weren't traumatized.
Honestly I would have freaked out.  I cant stand bad drivers!!
That's a rough situation. I hope you can look back on it later and laugh as well.
Just imagine that you are the boss,  or have a few drinks before.
I personally struggle with that every day.
I CANT BELIEVE THAT.  I need a vacation so badly.
Aw, I'm happy for you. That's an excellent surprise!
Oh man, I've seen many a newly 21 year old get drunk.
That's awesome, I hope you win the contest.
I only played the fourth one. All I remember was "Leon!!!"
I guess now you'll be more careful about where you leave your phone. I would be freaking out if I were you!
Ohh, sometimes people don't understand simple things. I think the words like 'petrodollars' might have confused them.
Ok now this is just getting weird. Can we talk about something else. 
If you did it that time, you can do it again. Just be careful
oh my lord.  Kids,  they can never make up their mind.
Its hard to feel under appreciated at work.
That's actually quite hilarious.
Exactly, It doesn't have to end romantically, as long as its a relationship.
They have their different pros and cons.
I like to think that if you get yourself right financially now, you'll be more able to help more in the future. 
Even if she's strict she's probably doing because she wants what's best for you.  And she'll probably support you no matter what you decide.
work! my boss sent me here against my will
I hope it works out. i don't want anyone to be out of work.
It takes some time. I wish you the best!
YESSS sin city.  Gambling is my favorite thing in life.
Wonder how it got there.
I am great back on my feet.  I just needed a little help.
Salad and wraps are delicious, so is water.  I need to try this diet!
I hope so too!
Do you like the scary roller coasters? 
That's a relief! Your wife is a lucky lady.
Oh wow, that is a lot
ah thats good.. good luck
Exactly, Practice makes perfect, especially with social situations.
I wish you two the best!
Well, if you did not have a good relationship then it would seem like maybe they didn't take you on purpose.
Haha that's smart, you never know. Well good luck, here's to a wonderful life together for you two!
Hopefully it settled down long enough for you to catch a break.
Oh no that isnt good
You will find something. Just don't give up
They really do start putting things out in the stores earlier and earlier.  Last year I saw Halloween stuff out now.  Sounds like you're in for a lot of family fun! 
You definitly will. Families are stronger together than apart. 
Every little bit counts!
Yep. That comes with being a parent.
ah i hope it turns out well for you
I totally understand that. I like to make certain recipes my mother made when I was a kid for the same reason.
Sweet! I'm happy for you! That must be nice.
UGH thats bad.  I bet is smelled like crap too
I can't stand the taste now. They are nasty!
Hopefully, you can make it up to your friend next time.
They can be helpful for sure
thats great.. i love christmas time as well
MAyabe you can do something nice for them when you get back on your feet.
Yeah you should be really greatful!
Make sure to save all the notes it will come in handy in the future never know. 
That is amazing.  Maybe one day it will be more that just a science fair project.
oh wow .. talented
HAHA, you wanted him gone? maybe he did it to spite you.
I understand the feeling
I can understand that. Sometimes one person's dream is another person's pain.
Why would your friend want to exclude your other friend? Definitely not cool.
Oh I see! I guess I should watch it as well! I never seen it yet.
Well that's the only way you can find out. If she says know there are other girls.
time to find something else
I've found in life that all of the friends you need are right around you. 
I do too
Well they will definitely let you know when they do. I would
You did the right thing. I stayed loyal to my work also and when I changed jobs, 20k pay increase.
Yes, good point. It's probably best that way.
hah.. thats cool. 
I can see why that would bother you.
I do like that food a lot
congratulations. Now you'll have that freedom to go anywhere you want!
That's nice. My job has never done that
Awesome,  People underestimate Louisiana,  I love baton rogue 
I am sure no one noticed
Exactly,  People just want what they cant have.  such a bad human trait.
I wish I could look like that
That's great, you must have studied hard.
That sounds lovely. I hope your dad is enjoying his well-earned retirement now.
Oh no. 
Its hard to refuse family,  But sometimes that can be taken advantage of.
Then its a no brainer,  I hope that you make alot of money there.
Yes i understand its rough,  some people just take time to warm up.  But im willing to bet you will meet someone really cool soon enough.
I have been there and done that.  My vice used to be ice cream.  Then I learned about being high nutrient vegan and started to eat carbs again once I learned about nutrition.  Learning about nutrition made me start thinking about each thing I put in my body.  Like purposeful eating.  It was a tough transition but I never went back.  Just do it for yourself and don't beat yourself up when you mess up.  I know you can do it if I can!
Find new people to eat with.
You should! Alot of the profits from thrift stores go to good causes too!
I think he was able to live a happy life while he was alive.
No problem. I used to overspend when I was younger and have learned to get it under control lately.
thats probaby a smart choice
She must be proud.
That is very nice of him
Well always be honest.That's a good start.
That is so sad
good for you.. we all need that every once in a while
Haha, I love getting chocolate wasted. I like dark chocolate the best. 
It's nice you have such a good relationship with her!
I saw a guy cut someone off next to me, fly by over the speed limit, and cut a bunch of people off.  All to get ahead.  Then I noticed that I caught up with him because he got stuck at a light and all that craziness didn't even help him.
I think you should just show up anyway
That's great. I know she will do her best, I'm sure.
That sounds like a great job
You can get a adviser
We have that in common!
I hope you get an A at least then
dang you sound really calm about it , i have super high anxiety and would be in a state of panice the entire time
I love it there, it is so calming and peaceful there. Except when you end up stuck in traffic in Pigeon Forge.
They are always there
i hope it turns out well for her
Hope you have fun!
IS bear spray a real thing. I have never been camping
Sorry to hear that. Well yeah, maybe it's for the best
I am sure they will notice
That's good, at least you have something fun to look forward to now.
There is nothing worse than spending big money on a game it's no good.
Don't worry she'll come around and you're so right it is better for her to start by learning to play guitar first.
That's what thanksgiving is all about lol
I understand that
Try to get a good night's rest. I hope everything is ok!
It seems tiring to me when I see people pushing for the next thing.  I feel the same way.  Enjoy family and find what makes your happy and keep like simpler. You must have a great time on holidays with your loved ones!
i hope it turns out well for you
Being cooped up is the worst. Hopefully next weekend is nice and sunny for you and your friends!
The greatest feeling in the world I have the same feelings towards my dad he always comes through we are lucky. 
I hope to have that one day
It happens. I hope you're not too embarassed.
keep up the good work.
I have a feeling that with Lebron on their team, they are going to do just that.
Good idea, you can never be too safe when it comes to the safety of your family. I hope the police is watching your neighborhood more closely since the reports.
I can't begin to imagine how difficult it must be for the kids in that situation. It seems the school really has their back.
I used to love those games growing up so I can't judge you for it!
Give it time. I'm sure he will come around. 
They come with hard work have to walk and feed them but you will get back into your groove.
oh sorry to hear that then 
I watch too many murder shows to do that.
Ewwwwwww...the devil's topping. Did you send it back? 
You're welcome. I'm sure you'll make it  they will be back soon. You could also always watch some Netflix.
Sorry to hear that. You tried at least and your intentions were good.
I can understand that
Those kinds of things are part of life and its better for our minds if we let them go and move on or see the humor in it.  I hope it didn't hurt your standing with the company.  You just reminded me to pay my internet bill! thanks!
That is so annoying. You're better off buying fresh on the day, even if it's inconvenient. 
Its natural so its okay
I geet scared that we will lose power.
there arent a lot of dedicated people like you. keep it up
What ever need you need to do. 
Well Im glad for him. He must be pretty determined.
Oh I love seafood though. It's worth it I'd say lol.
Thats just being a good parent
Hey, you can't complain about that! Who knows, you may end up using your skills to win the major jackpot.
good for you
How come no one would walk with you. I would be afraid too.
Good things come to those who wait, I know it's hard now because your friend got one but it'll work out for you
Well maybe should be civil
That sounds so yummy! See you much have needed those calories with skipping meals. Sounds like your a great baker as well.
That's so frustrating. Ask for a break on the rent next month!
always believe in yourself, and dont let others opinions dictate your feelings 
It just take a lot of practice, but you will get there!
oh thats sweet
It always feel good to get what you deserve!
I do too, its okay
hopefully she didnt suffer.
I can understand tat
How sweet of him.
They will get over it
Well be sure to lock your doors and windows before bed tonight, hopefully that will keep them out.
I get what you mean.  Some films just aren't for some people.  It takes some courage to watch.
promotions are always good more money ,and a better life i believe in you !!!
I hate when that happens. Especially when the same people do it over and over.
That is sad
Ha I took a shot in the dark. I have heard him recommended a lot for people who want to learn how to pay down debt and save money.
It very well could have been. I'm sorry, that sucks.
I don't know. They should be locked up though. Hurting a person is next.
Ugh. I don't understand that either. And they make everyone so anxious just be existing. 
Yeah but you also wouldn't live as long either. 
Maybe maybe LOL.. I have four dogs.. argh!
Ohhh, delicious. 
I am sure he will do a good job
Well maybe you can reschedule and do something even more fun
I am sorry, that sounds stressful
I'm happy to hear you enjoyed yourself!
That sounds awesome
In the classes that she likes. It is pretty frustrating for me
I hope they don't either! Sounds like the perfect birthday celebration.
Ducks are scary, but they are more scared of you than you are of them. 
oooh all that physics makes my head spin
Just try and keep in touch when you can
I love hiking, I can't imagine happening upon something so gross. Would probably ruin my hike as well!
Well I'm sure with you taking care of him, he'll be fine!
I hope you have fun
We that's good. The photos will keep you close
Yeah, that's true! Especially since you were on a cruise, it sounds like it's all a part of the experience. At least you can say you didn't chicken out. I'm glad you decided to go that way, because now you have a special memory tied to that vacation;
I hear you.  I have a 8 year old daughter and it feels like she was born yesterday.  
I can imagine. I had a car stolen once while I was at work. Broke my heart
Yeah I can understand that! Well at least they have each other, and hopefully they will grow more social together
Maybe take a few days to think it over, and then when the weekend comes, think of a way to surprise them in order to make it up to them. Or if nothing else, just be as honest as possible and not try to cover anything up when you need to bail on them. They'll appreciate that the most.
I am sure you guys will make up
Not my favorite but I had a really good one the other day with some kind of fruit in it, I could have downed a gallon of the stuff.
I drive a gianormous conversion van
Wow they were over $2 when I was 18!
I'm sure he has a bright future ahead! Tell him to keep up the good work.
I can imagine. But you'll make new connections there, I'm sure.
I would go with your gut.  Sometimes things don't work out, but you might just need more time to meet people and might want to hang in there.  I hope you meet a best friend soon!
She sounds like one of a king! Not many people are that generous.
Oh yuck! That is so gross!
If we could just get more people on board to do that we would be on the right track.
That's great. Health scares are very real and scary.
Ha! I hear you on that. I also loved the Matterhorn! And the Haunted House. We used to spend summers in Tucson with my grandparents, and they would drive us to Disneyland every year ;-)
Oh, very cool. I thought about majoring in English, too, but decided to go a different route. I hope your new degree helps you land the job you want! You're now in the exciting unknown part of your life.
I am sure it will get beter
There's always Uber!
I've actually lost two family members last year, so I can relate. It's something that will stick with you until the day you die.
I am sorry to hear that. Maybe next time you can just ask her.
It's a tough market out there, but I have faith that you get what you desire!
I can only imagine
That sounds fun. Have you done something like it before or is the whole kind of job new to you?  Good luck and I know you'll do great!  Act confident even if you don't feel like it. Sometimes that can help.
Ah, I see. Well, it's a good thing you were rejected thing, maybe. At least now you know what kind of a bullet you dodged. Plus, this is just another step in your overall confidence and character building. The next time you ask someone else out, it will be easier.
Yes, a very cool thing.
Maybe next weekend will be better for you!
I am sure it will soon
honesty is great and all , but sometimes you need some time to yourself, i feel you on that tho
That's great to hear!
If you always wait for somebody to come with you, you may miss out on a movie that you want to see as well. So there's that.
oh thats cool
Ah, pretty cool. It's nice that you decided to have family time instead of just alone time. I bet they were excited, too. Hopefully work rewards you more often like that.
I would love to go to hawaii
I'm proud of you for sticking to it!
Maybe it was an armadillo. I get them in my yard sometimes.
Maybe I'm too gullible as well because that would convince me!
I've been there. It's so sad, but it will get better. 
One tip I tell people is that they don't need to change WHAT they eat, only how much. Calorie intake is the important factor, not what type of calories.
I would definitely take as long as you need, so you don't put unhealthy pressure or expectation on the animal to live up to a memory it can't live up to. But if you feel comfortable with the idea, then I would consider it when the time is right. You'll know when that is.
Well I'm glad he got some antibiotics for it. I hope that helped enough!
Well that's great. I'm happy to hear you guys are getting out of a bad home.
Well, it's good that at least you're making progress!  It would be crazy frustrating if you weren't.  Congrats on your hard work paying off. 
I'm so glad that you had the chance to make those memories with your cousins!
I agree, at that age kids should definitely know better and think before doing something. Unbelievable. 
Yeah, but don't worry. More memories are yet to come!
Well, maybe it's an opportunity for introspection. For you to take time out of your day to think about what you need and want, and what are the best ways to achieve that. Maybe you need a better diet, or sleep schedule, or meditation, or an exercise routine. Sometimes you have to spend energy to feel energized. It's a slow process in the beginning, but it can be life-changing.
That's awesome! I bet these next few days will fly by
My husband also has a Lenovo. He really likes it!
You will be able to say you saw him before he was famous! 
There has to be something. It can't just be this weird vulnerable loophole. I really hope so, for your case, because that's just unfair. I'm sure your work will understand, but it's still a crummy situation that is probably affecting all areas of your life. Transportation gets taken for granted. Hope things get better soon.
I can see why its even harder on you when they leave.  That's wonderful that they are such a part of your life.  Take care and get out with friends soon to brighten your spirits!
You might want to call 911 if they continue banging on the door.  Better safe than sorry!
I wonder how people figure that thing out about themselves? Very cool, though.
Then it was your lucky day. I usually follow someone like that and they will end up getting pulled over before me.
LOL.  Do you really think so?  That has happened to me before.  Sometimes, it's just too hard to pass up.  Thank you for sharing.  
You can do anything (realistically) as long as you stay consistent and take it one day at a time!
oh thats cool then
Yeah, it blows my mind that people think they can damage other peoples belonging and just go about their day.  
Thank you very much. Much success to you!
It's all good. Maybe you should try something simple like Hamburger Helper. Can't really  mess that up.
That is friggin' awesome! I sure hope they can keep up the quality in the upcoming movies.
You had a good idea. Each of us need to find the correct way to lose weight.
I know you're do great then!  Hope it brings you a lot of success!
I will have to try to watch it.  Sounds like a good time
There are laws here but they find ways around them. People are cruel and only care about money.
was it big
thats awesome
That must mean you're a hard worker. You should keep at it then!
Yeah, absolutely. That's what I meant earlier, too, about being high maintenance. I don't know, maybe earbuds? But I'm sure you've tried that. Who knows how they would respond if you asked them personally, and if they actually did improve, they'd probably just forget and revert back in a few days anyway.
Haha!  That's funny!  I work out to drink and eat bad food as well!  Awesome achievement with your running!  Keep at it!
I'm glad! It's the honest truth. Everyone screws up. And I bet it will motivate you to never make that mistake again, too. So in the end, they have someone who's sharper about things. Good to hear it worked out in your favor.
i have in real life friends , and a regular job , but because of back problems and sciatica ive made many friends online i consider to be like brothers social media has let me make relationships while in bed lol
I feel your pain. Life is really unfair sometimes.
I feel ya.  The kids will be all grown up by then!
I guarantee they will!  That's raw talent right there!
i wish you good luck.. 
I never did want to hold it, but I was curious enough to touch it! They're actually kind of cute.
Well good luck! I know how frustrating that can be
I agree. It must be hard to get any sleep. I feel bad for any animals in the area too!
that i think you are right
Good for him. It takes me forever to find a job.
Yeah I'm sure! Is this your first? 
that's a great husband and best friend
Oh that is frustrating. I bet you were very annoyed.
thats awesome .. i wish i could go there.. 
I hear you. At least it is only for a month. Maybe you can make some weekend trips to do fun things.
Well, at least you were honest about it.  I bet you will never put your shirt on inside out again!  So, consider it a lesson learned!
I am glad you were able to look back fondly and remember that good times.
Yeah, it happens to the best of us.  You just have to try and forget about it and move forward.
Oh wow! That will be really fun!
im sorry to hear that.. she will be in peace soon enough.
That's too bad. Maybe they could check security cameras for you.
i hope you find happiness .. doesnt look like its gonna be with him.. goodluck though!
I would be heart-broken as well. You know you can always talk to me if you need to
I bet you will miss your feline friend. Hopefully they are in a better place now.
I found a garden snake in my yard the other day and despite it being little it still creeped me out
Yes, that is nice. A baby shower, just without the people. Still great!
Well, you don't want to date someone who doesn't like coffee anyway. :)
Oh that is so sad. I hope you find him!
Maybe you can get a pet to distract you. It could even help socialize like if you get a dog and go to a dog park
Yeah I know how it is. My kids drive me nuts now. They are 8 and 9.
I say in that case don't worry about it. Mistakes happen.
You never know.
That's wonderful. A car is one of the most useful purchases one can make I think.
That could be some trauma there... but I am sure you will get back into the swing of things (no pun intended).
I'm glad you feel better knowing that it will happen next week.
That is so cool. I'm glad you found your soulmate!
Ah I have two girls too and remember the same old wive's tale haha. Good luck on that boy!
Oh wow so the pressure is on to make a good impression haha
That's a recipe for success. I think you'll crush it.
That's great! I think as long as he is happy, he's doing whatever is right for him.
They absolutely do. Kids are like sponged. It's been said that it's much easier for kids to learn multiple languages than adults
That is awesome to hear , preparation will help you knock this out like a champ
That's good. I was never very good at math in school.
You may want to smoke less next time. Do it in moderation.
Hmmm.   I encourage you to keep trying.   Even if you don't ge tto your dieal weight, just getting halfway would show trememndous progress.
Such things even though may seem little have much positive impact on couple's relationship
He is moving forward pretty fast. But that means you can ride with him that much sooner.
I'm glad you found a job quick! That must have felt a little good to tell them at least
I'm sorry that you had to experience that.  It's totally unfair!
I understand. You could find a book club outside school.
That's a good attitude to have. Good luck, I'm sure you'll do great (assuming you keep the procrastination in check)!
11 years is a long time, I hope you have a great time!
wow that's great!
Yes, because a dead battery is much easier to fix than a busted starter or ignition switch.  :D  
I hope the surgery went successfully and with no hassle. I had a friend who went through the same thing. Wish you all the best
Just concentrate on the here and now......Your partner will be back soon.
Buy him something sweet, like a chocolate cake, it usually helps.
Thats great, never lose touch with your childhood.
I definitely have a Switch on my Christmas list! Maybe I will get myself one for my birthday.
Oh, your situation knocks mine out for sure. That's great that they did that. Traveling is unfortunatly, very expensive 
Once, I was watching a horror movie a loooong time ago and the phone was ringing in the movie and then didn't work all of a sudden and then it happened to me and my friend in real life right at the same time! It was crazy but it was just a storm outside. ha ha.
Same thing I guess, it's hard to imagine such situations.
That's true. I hope you find someone new to share it with.
Think of positive thinks instead, you have control over that.
Well make sure it is going straight to you. No drinks or smokes unless you say so.
I am a fan of GAme of Thrones though.
Good choice, I forgot what outside is
You're a good person. Everyone isnt so lucky.
Well good luck, its a tough life.
That is great, make sure you pass it on to your kids as well!
i would love going one day as well , just ignore the drunk people i bet your gonna have a blast
I cannot imagine anyone wanting to drink that without losing a bet
Well All's well that ends well.  I'm sure glad they were able to see through such a cheap ploy.
Those bums. Maybe then need to be reminded who is the boss.
I'm happy for you. If only more bosses were like that, the workforce would be a lot happier and productive I think.
I would definitely give them a bad review and try to speak to someone higher up.
Does she have a good group of close friends? Maybe she's confident because of that.
That is really good.  I've found that a good schedule is the backbone of a good year.  It sounds like you've got it figured out.
Hopefully that never will happen to you again, that is terrible.
Well, I wish you the best of luck.  I understand that is a stressful situation
That is really annoying to hear. I would be so furious if I was in your position.
That is pretty annoying for sure. I hope they get moved in so they stop bothering you.
I agree. Kids can get a lot more out of sticking to those types of sports other than just physical exercise. It teaches them great personality traits like dedication and hard work.
refund and tickets wont do anything , someone messed up big and they need to be fired 
Well I had to call my landlord once to get back in my place. I know how it feels.
It is always a great feeling when you see your kids succeed. 
Uh oh, well only have kids if you really want them. 
If you ever need help with a gambling problem talk to someone, never keep it bottled up.
You need to get into more relationships, then you'll enjoy it more.
You are right. Now you know who your real friends are.
Excellent. When i was visiting Turkey, they had the same thing for carts used to carry your luggage
Forget him. There are soo many girls out there.
I'm sorry, I think you are making the right choice.
Maybe you shoud pretend you are still at work until you get the hang of it.
Oh, I thought you stole them, but I've done that before too. Not to that extent though.
Maybe you could go visit it sometime if you have the opportunity. That would be a great vacation idea.
Well, you just have to be patient.
Take a chance and go to a coffee shop or bar.
Happy to hear! have a happy home!
That's impressive for a 3 year old!  I didn't have my first sleepover til I was 6.
I would have done the same.
Well it's his driveway I guess.
My condolences, I hope you are doing alright now.
That bad huh? Well, I'm sorry you did not enjoy it
he should not waste this away
Ah, well I'm sorry it didn't work out. But, at least you have other options!
It's a great feeling to have so many people who care about you, I'm sure!
The bad times sometimes make us appreciate the good times even more
you should be proud of yourself! good job!
Absolutely. If only if only lol. Maybe I should get a better alarm too so I get up earlier
It isn't too bad, mild cold symptoms usually for a few days, I hope its ok! Do you cut his nails or put nail caps on? Good for bath time.
Those people need to find something better to do with their time! Get a hobby, people!
Don't you hate that when people don't tell you? Well now you know your co-workers can't be trusted! But maybe they were busy and just didn't notice- which is goo!
sorry you have to live in a not so desirable neighborhood
Stocking up is always good. And getting a side business in case
Yeah, found money is always the best money.
if you were on the other end you wouldn
Yes, you will even begin to look years younger as well!
Well, sometimes we lose things if we don't take care of them or just sometimes partners don't appreciate us either.
I agree, but always stay positive and hope for the best.
I know, finding a new job can be a daunting task, but you should at least keep your options open.
Oh, very cool. High school? College? I loved certain history classes. Some were hit or miss. And I was never the best at remembering dates. It always depended on how interesting the topic was.
Yea, that sounds good. You should buy some more!
Sometimes you have to let people make mistakes to really learn from them.
The beach is a great place to relax as long as the weather is nice.
I hope you have fun
Now you should go and celebrate.
I KNOW .. IT WOULD BE IN TRIGUING .. BY THE WAY , IS IT YOUR FIRST EVER TIRP 
Have fun!
I wish you the best of luck! I bet you did fine
Well they are the one that has to deal with the consequences... mostly i guess.
Yes you should be fine. You can get two day shipping and get lots of cool stuff.
Thats good of you
No not really. I don't have to rush but I don't wake up too happy usually. I am glad you are having a restful time. Cherish it
Minute by minute and I remind myself that my best friend is no longer in pain.
I think over time, they will realize how wasteful and meaningless their behavior is and would start to change for better
I hope they do. I don't know how he hasn't been impeached yet.
They didn't even apologize? Wow, that's rude. Well, hopefully their friendlier mood will last a while.
That's good to hear!
I'm glad you didn't get bit!
That sounds hectic! 
Nothing good. I am not talking to them again. Maybe ever. Too much of it. It's not really any fun to deal with someone who has so much baggage and childhood issues.
Just stay persistent and it will happen.
Exactly, we have to return the favor since they put up with us when we were little.
That is understandable. I have to catch myself sometimes when my kids are in the car.
I have tried saving like that, but I always end up spending it. That's bad
You can watch that play anywhere to help you practice.
You should talk to her at least.
That's so sweet!
well it seems like he is starting out to become a productive person in life
Never give up, you never lose if you never give up. you got this 
He must be a good student too!
Oh, sorry to hear that. Hope you'll get well soon.
i can understand your pain.. feel the same way
That's so true. I would take anything right about now.
I feel you. My 13 year old is the worst.
oh wow.. thats horrible.. our butcher gives you a sample before slicing.. i find this the best way to verify 
It's bringing a smile to my face just thinking about it!
lol, yes stay safe and wow what an experience! I am scared of the ocean but I know how amazing it would be though!
Have you tried seeing a specialist? Or if you are religious to talk to the pastor? 
ah respect for the armed forces!!. Good luck with your new gun!! Hope you have a blast
oh wow! I would probably kill that friend lol that's a mean prank
Oh my goodness, that's terrible.
you should probably ask to go to couples counseling.. it works if you all are both trying to save your marriage
Yeah, just keep an eye out for rust building up, but usually it isn't an issue.
You should seek revenge.
sounds like a good mix of different crowds
Everyone blooms on their own time, you'll get there, I promise.
That's great! Most of us like our independence. 
Yeah, I understand your concern. 
i hear that 
Im more scared about them biting me.. maybe one day ill be as brave as you. 
How did they "put" it there? nevermind. Its just too much
Is this is first time? 
Maybe next time you should take a taxi.
i can see that.. your vision is clouded sometimes.
Oh. that has to be really stressful.
Oh yes they have some cool kids channels.
Maybe you should try to speak with him again after things calm down.
Yeah, you got the best son in the world!
Trying on clothes is the worst.  I went through a weight loss recently, and it's definitely worth it in the end.  Keep vigilant to keep it off!
And they always get nasty with you like it was your fault and not theirs! I feel you.
Oh, well if you can get it soon you might want to start researching :)
I understand that completely, well I hope you are able to go another day that you'd like
Take it one day at a time. Remember grief does not have a timetable. 
Some people on think about themselves! I would have said something if he didn't look the fighting type. 
That is weird. I'm sorry, but she'd be out of my house! haha!
I guess you need to go out more often so he can keep surprising you.
Me too.  There are only a couple of people I don't really like and I never have to see them because they live far away.
Well then great job, you earned it!
It makes sure that you don't say anything inappropriate but you still feel semi comfortable! 
I am sure it was super stressful but I am so happy for you now and yes pop the bubbly! 
That's good. We all make mistakes sometimes.
That is a good question, I would be scared
Ive never even heard of that so I guess I am getting old, google will be my friend later. 
Oh, well that is a good start then!
Great, I hope they are not just a good interviewer, but a good worker as well!
Yes, they do. I do love Mario Kart! I would expect the same excellence from all their games. I hope you have other games that you really enjoy.
Read up about it on glassdoor thats a good one online! good luck :) 
Wow, congrats then, glad it worked out!
You must feel really good about yourself!  I would be if I could do that.
That's family though.  Unless they're straight up abusive, it's just something you have to deal with from time to time.
woo hoo so you guys going out to celebrate? 
Ah that makes sense, I love snow myself, but to each their own!
Yes, I have an iPhone now and like it pretty good too. I always had Androids before, but I do like Iphone a bit better too!
Good! have a great game ahead!
I am sorry to hear that, I wish you luck!
well congrats, enjoy yourself!
Why do you love this
I am confident that you will.
You never too old to play catch!
Oh, better apologize quickly there!
One tiny baby step in the right direction and everything else will fall together piece by piece!!! 
It's nice that your parents were able to do that for you. I would have loved it too!
That sucks. Sorry your brother is a jerl.
Well I hope not, I am sure you passed!
I like those games too!
I can imagine, that was a pretty big deal!
I see, well keep opening yourself up and learn to let people in
it sounds like its scary
Thats awesome, I have always wanted to do an experience by myself
Congradulations.
I hope you feel better.
Just be safe out there
That sucks, but that one was worth it I am sure!
You are welcome, keep your head up
Oh, well mauybe next time!
You are probably like me, already figure you lost before you scratch the ticket lol. I'm glad you won!
Well, that is the way the world works now days. Nothing like it did in the past.
Oh I love Pikachu!
That's unforunate.
that is okay then, but still anoying
I have never been there, but heard a it's beautiful.
yes unfortunately
I get that, I am sure it is not fun regardless
I am sure you are much happier at home than he is...lol.
You will be fine, just don't make yourself too nervous!
that is for sure, everyone has a ploy
im sure it will!
I can see why. Some people just don't know when to keep things to themselves.
Well, at least you got out
Ohh wow! Those are expensive I bet
Wow! what a jerk
Ha, same.  Are you at work right now? 
well, good for her, that is an accomplishment for sure!
That's a really good idea. Better than blowing it on something now.
lucky you!
that is really cool
That's understandable. He sounds clueless. I've had many coworkers like that, and the best way I've found to deal with them is run away as much as possible.
Well is it after your lunch break? Maybe we can go out and have lunch, and I'll do my best to get you pumped up for it!
Yeah, don't worry too much about it. There are plenty of others out there.
Man, i would get new shoes!
I ended up getting an internship then started working at the place... never finished the degree.
I understand stand that for sure.
Oh wow I only have small dogs, I can't imagine training a big dog.
I think you'll do great!
Look into hotel. I feel into a hotel job after I lost my job years ago and not manage one. It's a great job. Just don't down on your self. 
That is a good attitude.
I would have just as mad as you are!
Wow, It must be a great job. I have a friend that works for a travel agency in Boston in a similar situation. She said since she started she has been to 32 different countries. 
Man that's awful, I'm sorry. I hope you're able to get it fixed, and soon!
Karma will get here someday.
I wish, one day that I could get a check in the mail.
Oh I'm so sorry :( I hope you can find something suitable, even if you make it yourself
I'm sorry to hear your going through so much stress. My grandmother was on the heart Transplant list for about a month before getting a new heart. Maybe it will be that fast for him.
I hope you feel better about it.
Just be your self then. Who cares what they think.
I know words don't really help in this situation, but I'm so sorry. I've lost many pets and it rips your heart out. I'm sure you're dog had a great life with you if it's any consolation.
I bet you will make it up next time.
That is very nice memories.
One time i secretly called my boss's wife and outted him for an affair he was having with one of my coworkers.. lol he never knew..
at least you didn't damage your bike
Disgusting!  I am sorry you had to experience that!
Im sorry they did that.  That wasn't very cool.
I can definitely see why all those things would scare you and make you think you saw a ghost.
Well congratulations!  That is a good way to start the work week.
I really understand your concern.
Try not to let it get to you.  Life is weird.
Hopefully your insurance will help out.
I bet, I wish some people had better manners.
Maybe you will see something in the news in the next day or so.
Heh that's so cute!
I am so happy for you.
I love a nice squishy face.  I have a Japanese Chin and 3 MinPin
I would be stressed each time it rains. I rented a place down state and Hurricane Sandy flooded our house. I can't imagine owning a place in a flood zone. 
Aw that's terrible :(
That's good, you sound very prepared and I'm sure it'll be alright.
Thank goodness it wasn't something serious.
Sounds painful.  I hope you didn't cause any damage.
That is very nice of you to help those that are needy.
That is awesome.  She can drive for you now!
Nice!!  I'm trying to stay away from any form of smoking for now.
don't eat them then.
Try reading some books or maybe practicing math problems I guess.
Well, all you could do was apologize and offer to buy another one. He'll get over it, I'm sure!
I've never been a person of faith. My parents weren't either.
Aw, I'm glad you have something like that to remember him by. That's a great connection to him to have.
Well I really hope that your insurance was able to cover what you lost. 
That is nice.
$100 bucks still sounds great to me!
Yes it takes a lot of courage to do that.
Yes I'm very grateful for my mother for taking very good care of me.
Your friend takes care of me the best he can.
Lucky, be careful some people can get carried away out their. 
yeah. hopefully you will have better luck with it.
I hope you took the right precautions not to get it yourself! I can only imagine that, I have never had it and never want to!
That is very odd. Hopefully they won't get killed anymore.
I hate it when my team loses too. All that time invested for a loss is disappointing. 
Well I hope you find something you love and you're happy to do. Still searching for that myself.
Oh that sounds like fun!
Wow, you will be fine. Years ago I went to Japan to teach English and also got called to duty and spent time in Iraq and a few other places. Once you arrive it's never as bad as you will have it built in your head.
I love the cold. it keeps me cool when i sleep.
Thanks. At least he lived a pretty good long time . He was a beagle mix named Jack.
The movie did? It sounds like maybe at least it was a good movie, if that's any consolation. I hope no one made fun of you. It's a common human mistake.
I like to stay home where I know i'm a little saffer.
Punch him right in the nose, that will fix things i'm sure!
You are my hero.
Sounds like he was ok. I've had injuries before and they weren't serious enough or worth the hassle of the emergency room. But he still had to take a trip to go somewhere. Don't be afraid to care though :) One person is all that is needed- Kindness is always good!
my nieces and nephews are all growing up on me and my step kids are almost adults too. it goes by in a blink of an eye
Its funny how items can bring back such good memories. 
I'm sure it will be ok. A new year is a new time to reinvent yourself. 
I want to get a car one day i think.
Not mine at all, i enjoy my house.
You are lucky then. Always good to receive things you arent expecting. 
 I wish I could be with you and not in school
Does it upset you? Just think, the family that raised you, actually pursued you and love you.
Maybe if you go somewhere else without the girl.
I'm really sure you will figure it out. 
Maybe she could if you tried.
I just read that youth was wasted on the young. lol Kind of apropos.
That's kind of a lame policy. I hope you get to use them at some point, because they should be worth something. If you're just physically unable to because of the job and its demands, and then they end up passing you by, that doesn't seem fair. I hope you get to relax during the holidays, then.
I hope everything works out for you.
I'm sure they were, I can barely afford to survive.
That is bad.  I  always try to remember how long stuff has been in there, but sometimes things hide on you in there.
That is horrible.. I am sorry!  Mine got closed after a scandal that was on Netflix
Heck yeah!  That sounds like fun!  
Wow! Have you always fished as a hobby? I've never been.
a little. i am hoping my mother in law will be able to help me with it. she's done it before successfully.
So it could be something wrong with the soil? I'll keep my fingers crossed for you.
i would totally freak out
Remember safety is the first priority of amusement parks, everything will be just fine!
I can understand why you'd start to feel that way. I think it's good that you want to look inward instead of just blatantly blaming other people. That means you can start to look for ways to make you feel better about yourself, that are solutions! But nothing has to be "wrong with you." For some, it just takes time. For others, they find it easier to accept someone to settle down with.
They really do feel that way! There's actually a train in Africa, I want to say Kenya? Where it is like stepping back in time and you go on a week long journey on the train, you have to dress fancy and it seems like a dream come true.
Is he getting any gifts because he's done so goo?!
That is cool!  I bet you all had a really great time
I am with you there.  I hope you get a chance to go there sometime though. 
Oh that's not fun.
I do not like the beach, too much sand.
I love going to the movies and getting food!
It's a man's world, isn't it.
That's pretty awesome.  I don't guess it cost too much then.
Well it happens to everyone i wouldnt let it keep bothering you. Just laugh it off!
I would be too, those things are really nice. 
Oh that's not cool, get a different one.
Thats a lot of miles, but they make cars good these days. 
Oh no!  I would hope that people had compassion for your situation and if they didn't, well shame on them.  I once peed my pants at a wedding I was laughing so hard. 
Oh wow, that's a big snake!
Oh congratulations! You are a true hero
I've heard that it doesn't bother them to lose one limb.  I watch Dr. Jeff on Animal Planet a lot and that is what he says.
I hate those things!  They are so restrictive.  I wish I could remember the name of the medication that my friend is on that helped her...let me check with her and see if she texts me back.
That is quite interesting.
I love the way carpet feels after you use a brand new vacuum on it. Almost like it's new again.
I can understand trying to abide by one's intuition... Are you going on your flight to somewhere where you have something important to do or someone to meet? Perhaps it may be unfair to them or that situation if you don't go through with it. If you want to do it, try your best to think of all the repercussions, and to weigh the pros and cons, and to not let your intuition cloud your judgment.
It's really hard, especially being thrown into an environment with a two year old and not having them for a consistent basis from when they were younger up until now.
That's unusual. Are you allergic to something they are fried in or just potatoes in general? I have digestive issues so I get tired too when I eat junk food
So do I. People need to be more considerate of others.
Well, whatever makes you happy, that's what you should do. But, still, never hurts to at least have platonic friends :)
Oh, now I understand.  He is skateboarding. 
You sound nervous.
For sure! And always check for the wreckless drivers and the ones who cut you off- Thats really bad in bigger cities. Can never be too careful.
I would imagine that people who have certain personality types are typically drawn to becoming doctors. They all seem to be very compassionate! 
If it makes you feel peace of happiness, definitely!
That's good. Sometimes we forget to do things that matter to us.
Oh geez! Was it a quick flu
Just think positive thoughts and I am sure you will get the news shortly
I love when everything just seems to work out together. Im glad you enjoyed!
That's great.  I am glad you're doing well.
I know this is so hard for you but he is in no more pain and I am sure he is watching over you
Is that a country? i know the name but not the geography.
I bet.  Nothing is worse than losing a friend suddenly like that.   Keep your head up, friend.
Oh that is so cool! You must be a great relative.
They will lose a lot of business over that one. Word of mouth is the best way to hurt someone. That is gross and I wouldn't go back either.
Oh wow, your daughter is a lot closer than mine whose just 8.  I already worry about it.  I know they'll find some upstanding men but they can take their time in finding them! ha ha.
That was a great movie!
Staying positive can be very hard, but it helps to be around the right people.
Great! That is how it should work. Not one guy making a ton more, as it takes everyone to make it work :)
No problem! I have done it before. Oh wow! That sounds nice, are they still together? I hope.
I have not been to the movies in a long time. It is very expensive to go these days.
I would imagine they were quite delighted.
That was nice of you. Having company helps through grief.
That is a very good attitude that you have!
Oh no :( That sucks. I hope it's only one
That's pretty cool!  You sound like an awesome grandparent! :D
I am sure he didn't let you hear the end of that.
hopefully it happens again soon!
i know what you mean
Good, that's really important thing.
Oh, okay. Well, that is a bit different, but good luck!
I could not have said it better myself.
You pay your gramma back and stop drinking. Seriously
that makes no sense.
Sounds delicious, get some queso too!
Its so true! I battle chronic illness and excruciating pain daily for almost 14 years now not to mention drowning in old medical bills.  I put my faith in God and pray for relief.  Its really hard to stay optimistic.  I really hope life improves for you and you can enjoy and embrace life again.  
I know right <3. Such a great time when we weren't the adults as well! lol- Paying bills is no fun.
Oh, I see, so it's kind of a have-to scenario. Well, I always let my hubby do that, but maybe you're the hubby too lol. 
Me too... those are my favorite type of movies
Oh no, you must be devastated.  I'm sorry.
Oh, I feel sorry for you.
my mother lives far away, and I live with my father, but its not ideal
It just wants you off the phone instead.  
Oh, I thought it was a t a restaurant.
I don't think they will.  We are the worlds greatest army
That is awesome, I've been there when I was a kid and had a lot of fun!
Yeah, that's always rough. I would take them to court if it's in the 4 digit range.
I feel the same way!
My niece lives in Los Angeles. I do not get to see her very much.
I am so happy for you!
Sounds great! Better pay is always good!
It will get better put your foot down and maybe say no in a nice way to not step on any ones toes.
Oh nice! My brother in law is a lawyer and I remember him trying to get certain jobs he wanted and it not being easy sometimes.  Sounds like you are a great lawyer.  Hope it goes well for you!
Nice, I really like folk music. I hope you guys put off a great show.
You are so lucky to have a family like that!
that is one of the most horrible things ive ever heard.
Maybe you could talk to her after you calm down a bit.  I'm sure there is a reason.
Wow I would be mad to. 
Yeah, that's no fun. Maybe you'll get offered the next promotion that is available? 
Yeah... I had to do a long drive from Nebraska to Colorado this summer. It was about a 7-hour drive. That was starting to push it. So, I could see 9 hours being a little rough. I just tried to load up on podcasts to listen to.
Yeah.  He will get to spend more time with you all now!  Take the father on a vacation!
Now that was mean and cruel nothing funny about that best outcome is you are fine be careful next time.
I really wish the best for y'all.  Good health.
That is impossible thou. It is a dog eat dog world out there.
Maybe you should move out? Have you thought about that.
Oh yes of course! I am sorry.
I'm sure it was a great comfort to you. Food is a great way to tell someone you care. 
You sure are! At least you appreciate and acknowledge so I'm sure she is pretty glad to have you as her child.
I'm sorry to hear that. We all have our demons. Sometimes it's good to take one day at a time and try to stay positive. 
That's something to be proud of! Good job!
Oh, okay, I believe I know what you are talking about now. He is a good actor and usually his movies are great!
A simple call would have been nice hopefully he has a good explanation for this. 
I understand,  If a pizza is more than 10 dollars, im not paying.
I'm sorry, maybe one day when he gets older.
Oh, well that's a bonus! No one needs sleep on christmas lol
Well, dogs are good for protection.
I'm sure once she calms down, she will look on it as not as big of a deal.  If you have to work, you have to work.  I hope you can work it out!  
Oh man, he didn't charge you? You both kind of won then! A good story for you both at no cost. Well, except for time. It was a good learning lesson. And yeah.. the bumper sticker.. that's crazy. I'm glad you're able to not take yourself so seriously. That makes for a great personality.
Oh, well, you're going to have to say, "Mom, I know you're tired but I really want to see this movie, can we please just go? It'll be fun, we need time together".
Yes, one day at a time.
Interesting.. Did he get in trouble? Was this at a high school or something? And does he take gymnastics?! Back flips are hard!
Yeah, that's a good idea. That's always a solid way to go about it. My roommate had a breakup 6 months ago. I tried not to give any advice that was too specific, because the best solution always has to come from that person themselves. My roommate ended up just focusing on himself as much as possible, diving into artistic endeavors, trying to work out, etc.
That's too bad. Lesson learned, I guess.
For Sure. Before you know it, he'll be saying full sentences!
Find some good books and good therapy and make your life what you want it to be. If you truly love your partner then don't lose them over feelings. Feelings are fleeting.
Ah, your situation sounds complicated. I'm sorry you have to deal with that. It sounds like you've given a lot of thought though, and the way you lay it out, you sound very mature about it. You've developed a good perspective on it, one that I should learn to appreciate myself. With your temperament, I'm sure you won't suffer from loneliness very long. People will want to be around you, as long as you want them around you.
Oh wow,  I hope they do well.  
Congratulations. I wish you the best of luck. Parenthood is a blessing.
My father was an architect. So I have heard about these exams.
Oh lol! It's ok, you are a mom and it's the hardest job EVER and very thankless. You are doing good
Yes you have to do what is best for yourself. Take care of you before others.
It can be cheap to go there sometimes for an easy filling meal, with the deals and coupons they have, I think. With the bread and soup you can get. I hope you guys had a good time! 
The first job out of college is a good way to test the waters but someday you will have to spread those wings.
Great to have some hands on help parallel parking is very hard but once down packed it is easy.
It sounds like you have determination, and that is worth more than a 4.0
Hope Dak has a good year! I am all about the tailgating.
Oh goodness, that is so creepy!
Know your limit once you start gambling it will make it much easier so you won't go broke.
Well, as long as you're patient and careful, you'll minimize your mistakes. There are those who go out there and think they know everything. Even if they're a good driver, they may be more likely to slip up and have a problem than you would. So, just stay positive!
I'd be worried about having these kinds of feelings towards your wife.
That is good to hear. I like the ones that are funny better.
That is good to hear I would enjoy a night with some great music. 
You should see 8th grade. Nice story about a girl growing up. You will like it.
wow, I bet Chinese is one the State Department really needs right now. I hope your friend gets the job.
Ah I'm glad that's over for you then. Now you're less likely to forget doing laundry again.
Yes I agree, guys are a little let reliable sometimes. 
Maybe she is part kangaroo afterall.
He deserved it, that scumbag.
That is very true. Well I am glad she is OK. Thanks for sharing about it.
Try to stay calm and do your best. Good luck!
It's good to focus, but surely you can take a few hours to take in the culture.  China has a long and interesting history.
hahaha...aww..cant give away the pupper
Those are really good. I am more of a burrito man myself.
Cool I like Harry Potter. You have a really nice aunt!
I feel you.. When my pet dunken passed away, i got a new dog, named him dunken and restarted our relationship from there
It's funny, you guys walked into work that day and thought it'd be another usual, boring day. You clocked out maybe with some blood on your shirt, smelling like newborn. Awesome.
They really should be more considerate. allergies are a serious medical concern.
Yeah, that happens all the time with me. Well, actually, it doesn't, since I can't text because I wear Hulk Hands all the time. I just smash things.
If he wasn't happy with the food, there arebetter ways to tell you.
Maybe she just wanted to go play. I hope she comes back.
Never thought about that. Thank god you recovered it!
hahaah...thats too cute
That's really nice. The world needs more people like you.
 i would be really angry
That's really great. I am proud of your success.
I here they have one of the best zoos in the us.
True. It is quite terrible to have acne. Mine is so bad that I can't even see.
I'm glad you had such a fun time.
im sure the pupper was happy!
Early congratulations to ya!
That will be exciting!
I hope you find one soon. If you don't, you are more than welcome to come work in my sweatshop in Siberia.
it is so nice to see a marriage as strong these days!
way to go! as you know, hard work always pays off
LOL it's been on the carpet for a few weeks???  Clean it up already.  She won't do it
I am happy that you had a great weekend. I should really check it out myself sometime.
I think if you show that you put in some effort yourself first she won't mind.
Thought that reminded me of Death Note, but I think L only focused on criminals.
Well, I suppose it is justified as long as you don't do it all the time.
Is that how much doritos and a mountain dew costs there. geez
yes it does, i wish people like that would just get fired 
I think you should have put them in a difficult to reach for babies place
Just leave it. Try to be punctual here after.
Wow, that is some fast growth.
is it going to be the last season? that's too bad.
Love was so innocent back then.
Ah, there is your problem right there. 99.9% of the time a stoop kid will chase away nasty pigeons, no problem.
I would be equally as angry. I think I would've put them up for adoption.
How are you  doing in college? because that is ridiculous lol
Yeah! Come on over here and we'll throw a regular ole pizza party!
I'd vote you class president!
ew. that sounds bad. but if it was free, i guess that's a good thing.
This is too much of punishment for kids.
It is always awesome to see a genius at work. a glimpse into their passion
I can understand that. Dont feel bad, it happens to the best of us buddy :)
Dang! I should start watching it. I love Stephen King.
You should have bought ramen lol
Oh, Well have fun
Yikes! Maybe you shouldn't do that again.
Nah, you're good man. You probably did it for good reason.
You only have one mother, you should love her no matter what.
oh that sucks
I'm sorry.  Hold on to the old memories.
I bet your audience missed out!
I love rollercoasters!
Ah, yes, I remember now. That mother deserves to be hanged.
Don't feel so! Forgive them
It is so much fun. I have been there, you are going to have a blast
Oh sweet. hawaii is a tropical paradise, you are going to love it
hmmm well thats good for you
You should. I could have been really bad.
I'm sure he will love it! Be sure to take blankets to the games. It gets cold sometimes.
Oh, did you at least wave and say you were sorry.
that really suckks
hey as long as you had fun lol
Wow, that's impressive! It usually comes back up.
Maybe she was ill
It is! Those pictures bring me so much oy!
thats not right. unfortunatly that happens too often
i really hope you get it 
Yes I have. I found it to be very painful.
sounds nice. i am going to check that out myself
It happens to us all.
i would be too
Well thats great
It's sad. don't worry.
apply for one, i am sure you will get one :)
Aw I'm sorry to hear.  I know how it feels.
im sure youre in tip top shape.
I love grandfathers, they are comic gold!
So he is okay now> you can get more shoes
yea same
well, true. me too
I can feel your emotion.. dont worry, it happens to the best of us at times.
That's good. I am sure your parents are proud
Then all is well!
That's fair, hopefully it didn't take your food though.
as you should be.. But i guess we can never be mad at our pets huh
Very true.. I am glad it all worked out that way
I like to also. Thats why I am always disappointed
yes anything above medium rare is over cooked!
Oh no! Go back and tip her. It would be a good ice breaker.
haha.. well, as you know there are plenty of fish in the sea
Ohh nice, Buicks are pretty good cars!
Thats awesome. I like passing lol
Maybe he had some bad food
yea its pretty sad
Adopting is the best way to go.
Wow, you must have felt so stressed and scared about that robbery.
So sorry to hear that. Maybe they will move soon.
I'm sorry, it's their loss.
yea i would be to, glad you got out ok
Sorry buddy.. sometimes things dont work out. i know it sucks, but you are better than that.
nice, its important to vote
Good to hear that you got your money back, at least.
Thank goodness! Yeah, I only watch scary movies in the daytime!
I can understand how you must have felt.. thank god nothing bad happened
Luckily not too many people saw you fall!
yea good idea
right on time, huh? Im happy for you buddy
Well, true.. but it happens to the best of us, dont worry buddy
We all do.. Such a sweet thing to remember
My son is too small now. We tried the community league last year
I love the Strokes! Julian is my favorite singer!
Sorry to hear that. Hopefully you can replace them soon.
So sad to hear that.. i am so sorry about that buddy. hope you feel better
yep, hypergamy is a real killer
My cat does that all the time so I feel you.
I wish you luck and make sure to stay hydrated.
Hopefully the pizza is just like you remember!
Yes, I would say it is bittersweet.
brown eyes arent bad
I'm sure you were, money is good to have.
Thanks amazing! I know you have a bright future ahead of you
Aw no, I have a cat and I really don't like thinking about him dying. Sorry to hear that.
That's absurd!  Too bad there arent any cameras around to prove your innocence!
I think they are tons of fun!
true. in other words you want to make them financially stable
I love it inside where the AC is!
Aw well at least you have that to eternalize him.
that is really awesome of you! i applaud you for that
thats super awesome
I just use the back of my phone, which holds my cards.
Unfortunately,  I have gotten used to it.
I do all of my business digital.
I guess just take a spare pair with you!
I do not like to be sad.
Yes I agree.  I have flowers and they need sun and rain.
It's good to get everything you need but I hate school in general.
One day you will own many cars.
Hopefully you get there then so that you can repay them!
I would never ever cheat on anything!
you should john wick them
I understand, you have to go and get another one.
Oh.  I thought you said "like" at first.  I'm sorry.  I like them!  You should try watching more of them!
I would be careful, it might break any time!
Sometimes things are much better face to face.
Stay indoors and no need for that!
That must be a proud tradition. 
That sounds fancy. I like Texas, never been there though.
I'm sure he will do great things for you.
lol what does that mean?  You should find a good hobby! 
That's good.  I bet he was happy.
That's true, the experience is different when you're older.
Food is so expensive these days.
Have a happy life with your pets and enjoy with them.
Food is the gateway to the soul.
wow, that is a slap in the face.
That's great to hear, I hope his first day goes well!
cool,, thats great
Math is the worst sometimes, especially when you see the test and panic since you know nothing.
I know it's hard to lose your stuff, but it can be replaced.  At least you are ok.
I'm sure it is.  I would be furious!
It's lovely. Be a happy couple. live long together!
Some girls like a certain type. Or maybe it was written in the stars.
Oh yeah they are safe 99% of the time
i understand. Those classes are expensive too.
Wow, hopefully next time it may taste better!
I bet they are!  You should take them out to dinner to celebrate!
Wow that is absolutely tragic to hear. That's so cruel of them.
Oh cool, I'm doing that too in a few days!
Oops.  I didn't mean to type 5 LOL.  I hope you get to take breaks to go see your cat on the weekends :(
aw that's sweet.  I'm sure they loved it more than you know.
That's a bad outlook, you should stay positive!
Thats great I happy for you. Its a positive step.
Oh wow that's exciting! I'm happy for you.
Yeah I bet.  Hey at least you're out there trying.  That's all you can really do.
It is a good thing, it gives you an edge.
I bet you are going with a loved one that's why you are so anxious about the trip
thats great nice job
Don't worry, I'm sure you did fine.
It probably isn't, I really hope it isn't too.
Hopefully your friends make it up to you!
because you witnessed it.
That sounds so nice, I wish I had a long term relationship like that!
It's always a good thing to turn things around
oh dang thats a real thinker
Have you tried yoga and meditation? It can help.
Thats so unfortunate. I hope he learnt he's lesson. On the brighter side is that your son is okay.
sounds super fun
True, they only want the best for us. Sometimes that can mean making hard decisions, such as foregoing the bike.
That's really nice! Glad to hear that she is moving up the ladder!
oh thats bad!
Yeah.  Well I wish you luck my friend.  Keep your head up!
What an amazing women. She must be very strong.
Well I guess you learnt a valuable lesson, just don't do it again.
yea it sucks to think it might fail
That's nice that you can depend on your father.
You must have had trouble sleeping that night!
Thanks that was very helpful.
it is alright
Well I hope that you do well on that exam!
yea exactly
It's nice to have company and make close friends during college.
Aw that's funny, I always love those kinds of heartwarming moments.
Yes, and fortunately you will have many more!
that sounds very cool!
Especially when they seem to do it in the worst place possible.
yea exactly
I guess to keep on trying and don't be so hard on yourself, a B grade is good enough too.
I know what you mean, I'm really really shy too.
You just have to do what is best for you and your family. One day your kids will understand, especially when they have kids of their own and have so many other things going on.
Medics are life savers, so you must trust them with your life
I'm about to go into that same class so I hope I do well too.
same, its quite cool
That's the same kind of job that I'm looking to get, so that's awesome!
Yes stealing is a bad act, but now you have learned your lesson!
That's a tough situation. I hope you are able to make the best move for you.
I know they'll make so much money from it within the first week of release
yea i know, my friend max has that too and i would like a girlfriend but its tough
I know what you mean, it can linger sometimes.
thats an unhealthy way to think but its hard to avoid
I know exactly how you feel as I'm one too. Keep at it though as deep within us, theres a great spirit there.
have a excellent career ahead to you!! 
Yup. Enjoy it whilst they're young! 
Yes, count your blessings because there are people who do not have it as good as you
That's tough, but it helps you learn what you like to do on your own.
I really hope so too, whoever did it is an awful person.
They are really starting to grow up, you better cherish them while you can.
Women. Keep strong dude, theres someone out there for you.
it really does feel bad tho
Make some good memories and enjoy these next few weeks.
I know, it's probably because you are related 
Yes, we need to start teaching about this from a young age in schools.
really, that is excellent, you are a genius
Yeah, just make sure that you aren't in too much of a rush like that.
That's a cool ride
That is great.
Yeah, I can understand your feelings for her.
Aw I know that feeling since I had a big brother.
yea i hate clowns too
Hopefully you can make new friends and explore new places with them!
I hope you didn't hurt yourself
That is true
I'm happy that you have this opportunity in life. Keep at it and be thankful for it.
Yeah, pretty much all humans would rather smell good things than bad lol. I hope you can get over this phobia though as I know how it feels to just despise something.
it happens to the best of us
I'm sure you'll get the job, buddy!
Thats good! I would have just spent it on drinks!
jealous? Not sure why your jealous of somebody being inconsiderate.
That's terrible and really not fair to you. I feel so bad you had to go through that. 
Your very confident. I guess thats a good attitude to have.
You must be prepared for anything then.
yea i can see why you would be
I would be too. But there will be plenty of other opportunities! 
yea its not mucht ho
You will, you need to keep at it!
Oh wow, what a claim to fame! 
I would always try to sneak a peak of the gifts when my parents were not looking.
Oh no. I'm sorry. Families can be tough.
Did you feel powerful giving instructions? 
As you should be! It takes a lot of hard work.
It is nice that both of you still share good memories.
Making money doing what? I hope you got it all sorted out though.
thats pretty sweet
i do agree with you there.
I'm glad you are alright!
That sounds like a plan. It make take a while though to save that much so just be patient.
I definitely agree
Who needs friends like that. So what did you do? 
I understand. I have the feeling. Most people are now looking only for their interests.
I'm happy for you that this new manager is better. It just makes working a whole lot better and more enjoyable.
It was nice that you had him to turn to for help.
What a nice person. You should throw a party for her! 
That does sound nice
Good. Hopefully you continue to prepare well for the future challenges.
That is ok if they understood the situation. It will be fine.
I hope it was fixed that day
Those are nice feelings to have
You shouldnt feel ashamed of your moms action. It was not your fault.
I know it's hard. Just don't give up. 
I bet you will be able to mend the fences after this meeting
That is great to have fun.
That might be true
That is so helpful. I wish my brother would get me such presents.
I can understand
I am confused by that as well
I understand. I hope you will find a better job.
I am happy for you
sounds like a good weekend!
I understand that but I think you will be fine! We all get that fear when it comes to an important test, it means we're human and still feel things!
Oh yes, but sometimes my boss let me off when I have to go to the dentist!
That was really nice of you. I'm sure that he appreciated it.
Yes unfortunately it is... Last time I went, it rained most of the day
It is nice that you still have those 
that sounds good! I rather work earlier and leave earlier
I would ask the people in charge who lost my paperwork? And tell them to go find the paperwork! 
Good. Hope you've an wonderful career ahead!
I am glad he did well
Good. She will have more trust in you now.
That is true
Great! I have 3 boys.  3 2 and 6 months haha
Sounds like you are a really great friend
He sounds cool
I hate having to get everything ready at the last minute. It seems to hectic and chaotic when you do things that way.
I am sure she will forgive you
I would be proud too. That takes a lot of effort to get straight A's.
I am happy for you
That's good for them then.  I hope you get to buy a new home too.
That's not a good environment to be in. Maybe you can find something else quickly.
You will climb high in the company with that good attitude.
Change your way of thinking.  Maybe you are out of her league!
It will get better
That is great to have someone that you can trust.
I am glad you were okay
Ohhhh that's not fair
That is no good, But maybe he deserved it.
OH no! I didnt even think about that.  That must have been terrible.
Ok
Thats not very long, I am sorry for your loss.
Your boss should really understand things like that happen and not yell at you.
You should make plans to do it again soon.
That sounds great
I am sure you will be okay
That is bad. You should had planned your vacation together.
That's good. Myself and my sister have gotten closer as we got older.
I am there now
Have fun.
That does sound stressful
Same here, prepping for hurricane season. Stay safe! 
It could have been worse. 
That's definitely a plus for us.
Was it for your birthday or a random gift? Wish I could receive random gifts
I do play basketball sometimes
Oh well, its over now
right tell them so next time they do! 
That sounds stressful
Thats a good start
thats good! im happy for you! 
That's great news!  You must be so happy! Congratulations!
Oh, hope it will be less cost. 
I understand! Its been about the same for me since my parents passed and it doesnt hurt any less.  Im sorry but I can tell you are strong! 
That is scary, it is not even your fault at all either
Yeah, I would have said the same things. Aren't they supposed to wear hair nets anyway? Thats's not acceptable.
That is smart, I think that is the best bet
my god i would be too pop the bubbly! 
I can only imagine.
Well, it would have upset me as well. 
Really good on gas and small which is good for a first car. good for you nice of them! 
My first time I sang the song from the movie Oklahoma called Oh, What a Beautiful Mornin'.  I'm kind of dorky though.
Hope you'll have one soon.
Don't let negativity creep in. Enjoy the moment.
Ah, I have heard they are brutal with the killings in that show
Same! Two wrongs never make a right.  You are doing the right thing. 
Yeah for sure, i hardly speak with any of my highschool friends either.
Thats true.. But why don't you give it a chance? may be you will end up liking it
Yeah, i can sense how you feel.. It is ok buddy, you will make it there soon enough
I understand that buddy.. Cheer up, something better will come along soon enough
Your family is most likely just as proud!
so sweet of you and sounds like a lot of fun enjoy! 
It is natural to feel that way in early 20's, trust me. you will adapt with time though :)
Hmm.. Don't worry about it. You'll get the hang of adulting soon enough.
You won't be, i assure you. Do your part and hope for the best. :)
You aren't going to be able to sleep thinking about it.
Ughhh its so hard to keep good secrets tho honestly! 
I've been looking forward to get some time to sit down and watch it, I can't wait!
ITs weird that mens bathroom are sometimes cleaner. 
That's terrible.
usually people who work weekends. It's pretty rude they were so inconsiderate. 
That's great to hear. The county fair is always a nice opportunity to spend time out with family.
My kids eat all my snacks too.  Parent struggles are real.
 I liked it too it was fun to get out and get walking. 
I get that, swimming can be dangerous for kids
I can understand why they mean so much to you!
I get that I guess, but that is life sometimes
Yup thats how it is sure a car payment is expensive but it pretty much saves you money in the long haul and looks a lot nicer! 
once you get it over with you will feel better
One day you will be comfortable where your new home and not want to leave there either, it will only take some time.
Oh.  Dang.  Well, I guess I was wrong then :P
That's cool. Did you meet some cool people.
I kinda miss them, and our schedule gets a lot busier when schools in.
its not literally your day off because you are here working talking to me lol
Maybe ask her to set the time when she can return it so you have a better idea when to expect it back.
Im sorry about that
You can always stop at a shop and have someone check it out
I'm sorry, I'm sure you will find something soon.
That's a tough thing to watch happen.  Just be there to support her when she needs it.
such an accomplishment
Oh man, that is rough. I'm really sorry to hear that. Hang in there!
It really is.  Wonder how we can go about changing things.
Oh sweet! well congrats
I hope no one gets hurt
same here but mostly at xmas time
That is great, I am so happy for you
I hate when that happens. I hope you complained and got a refund
I try to keep it in moderation now but even that is hard. It's so addicting.
That is okay, everyone knows it is nasty anyways
which is understandable
I did not really, so I see how you would be more attached
Well, at least he tried. You have to be happy about that.
Its great you trust an awesome woman
It's normal to fight about things as a couple, but I would wait a little longer before you decide to get married :)
Two weeks is a long time.
That's pretty mean... jeez
you can confront them about it.
I hear you.  The best motivation is family.
that's awesome!
I am sorry to hear that
Weve been together for 10 years. 
That is awesome! Congratulations
I think we are all our own best critics and can be too hard on ourselves when it comes to appearances.
oh i know. I always try to help as much as i can. i donate clothes and food
Aw.  A little mice won't hurt you. It's more afraid of you then you are of it.
I know how you feel. At least its not on youtube
That's the worst part, the late night hungers.
Well you dodged one bullet.
I've heard of it, but I can't even imagine going through it.  I'm sorry it happened to you.
At least she's moving for a good reason.  I had a similar thing with a childhood friend who moved for school.
You should quit. There's nothing worse than a workplace with employees who can't carry their own weight.
There's never too much :)  You can always find someone online or a therapist who you haven't talked to before.
why not? the pool is nice and cool :) i just hate staying home for a long time
Wow. What do they usually argue about? 
I bet! I would be the same If i had a niece
That's an impressive philosophy, you seem to have grit so I think you will go far.
I understand. But my family turns a deaf ear. I'm pleased that you did not.
I suppose your right, money matters
My experience wasn't that great, but I still had good times back then.
its over with, dont even worry about it
That's wonderful, it must feel good to see your preparation pay off.
Sounds really tasty
yeah I typically can't stand the smell of BO either. There really is no excuse. Just take a shower man!
Hahaha! I would too, but keep some bug spray close too!
better that than to be drowned in studen tloan
gosh that's frustrating! I'm sorry to hear that
ok, that will do you I think at least for todayl.
Probably.  I'm just bad at faking it :P
Well I hope you can trust him again!
Good For you, I am really envious of people that take the time to work on their body
i bet your appetite was ruined!
Yes, that uncertainty is always tough to deal with.  But I hope you get the job!
I see, hopefully someone can fulfill his role
dont we all
That's really rough. Im sorry. I hope everything goes well for you
That's great to have that kind of support!
I can understand that.  Hopefully everything works out in the end though.
I bet. It stinks that that is happening to you
That might be why she does it. It's something to consider.
that's not good :( so i bet your wife asked you if you give him something and you said no? you should tell her
Finacial analyst, sounds impressive.  Good luck, I hope you do well and get it.
Well, I wish you luck. Maybe you need a distraction.
Do your best and be confident about your work
I hear it's really nice there this time of year. I hope you have a good time!
Good job, keep on moving up!
not really. I'm a felon. I don't get to vote. So I have no representation. That makes me a Subject of the U.S., instead of a citizen.
Pretend with her.  Maybe it's best to act like it didn't happen.
Good, make sure you take your time and do your best
Of course. The rides are great. Should have at least had a funnel cake.
Thats unfortunate, the bright side is that it wasnt stolen and the car is still in good working condition
I suggest you just ask them why they didn't invite you straight up. No need to sugarcoat the main topic
oh man!!! I remember contra!! It's a shooting game right? gosh we used to play this game a lot!!
That's the bad part about time :)
Oh, well that's no good.... you deserve to be paid more for your hard work.
I not going to even try that, thanks
I think a good amount of people feel the same
Yeah, definitely. I'm always looking for ways to make more money.
That's a definite plus. You'll be able to have a little "me" time, which is also important.
Oh that's not good at all. I can't believe they just let their dog do that.
That is very good and I am glad!
I hope you do. Good luck!
Sometimes taking the long route will get you there faster.
I bet! I mean you pay for gym membership, you can stay on any equipment as long as you want!
Thats fantastic. Keep it up
Oh... well I guess you can't always trust family. But at least you can trust your wife and kids!
Yeah, everything will work out. That kind of thing is totally normal.
have you talked to him about it? How much it bothers you.
Awesome, great job!
Glad there's hope for you.
Wow, that's a whole bunch right there. Congrats!
I see, well kids will be kids
Yeah I suppose I would be too.  Well, if you're marriage survived, I hope things are better now.
Well I'm happy for you. Spend it on something nice for yourself.
Maybe he is just missing you and wants to cuddle or something.
Oh wow, it sounds like you were just really unlucky that night.
Toss it in the fridge or freezer. That's what I always do. Food for a rainy day :D
Well good for you. I didnt even know you had internet in prison! Lucky you. lol
Great, congratulations
The talent on your family is abundant.
That sounds really nice.
Probably for the best then.
I know :/ ...just make sure you do something fun when you have a chance! 
Ouch.  I bet that was uncomfortable.  
Yeah that would make me angry
Maybe it won't take too long if you work really hard and make your boss happy.
Oh that is unfortunate, maybe next time
Well I'm sorry to hear that.  Hopefully something good is right around the corner!
Yeah being with other adults can help
Highschool was a long time ago for me, but from what I remember I had great times.
yeah, you said that.
Holy! Glad you are okay. 
I bet, glad you are ok
good job! maybe you should pursue a singing career :)
You should prank him to get him back.
I have always enjoyed the fair.  Glad you got to go and have a good time.
I understand.The emotional value is inrepleacable
Well, she was a bit in shock that she lost I bet.  
Mine too, love to see the leave change colors and of course be able to wear leggings and uggs!
That's terrible. I hope your friend recovers.
Same here. Maybe he will give you some.
It was. Time helps.
Sounds like it! It makes me want to go find some of my old stuff.
Oh that doesn't suprise me. I voted for Hillary, I knew Trump wasn't going to be worth anything. She probably wouldn't have been either though.
I am sure you will.
My in-laws used to have an old chevy truck I don't remember the year though.
Thats amazing, hope you got something yummy! 
That's really inconsiderate of her.
it sucks that some places don't allow conceal carry! like malls and some other places and that's exactly where those shootings happen
I feel you. We were in a similar situation last year, but things have started looking up.
My condolences to the family of that passed away man. It must be truly hard for them to grasp this whole sudden devastation
Yes I hope he wises up some in the future!
Try and work out or find a new hobby to take your mind off of things
Keep positive and try and get the answer you need.
Have then be able to? May I ask what the secret is? 
Then it was worth it, even if it was arduous.
im sorry, thats the worst
I remember struggling with that too when I did my test. I was so nervous. 
Oh no! I hope you're able to get it fixed for cheap!
Sounds exciting.  I've never been there.
maybe that was the case
It is lovely to have a friend like that.
I find faithfulness requires love and effort.  Both together are necessary.
I love when good things happen especially since they usually dont happen often. 
No need to look closer at some things.
That's fitting at least.
I understand, maybe things will improve for you!
I can't either. Hopefully they don't actually cause someone else to wreck.
Yeah that's awful, I'm sorry that happened to you. I'm glad you're alright at least! That's a scary thing to happen.
Oh man! I'm so sorry to hear that. 
i cant argue with that lol
Exactly, and since they don't burn the body turns it into fat to burn later or something like that I think.
Oh okay. Thats up to you! I just wouldn't want my friend to get in trouble!
That is great. I'm glad for you!
Well I really hope you two have a great time!
Oh I agree, I still feel awful about it myself! But I think our parents understand and don't take it to heart, because they usually did the same thing too :)
I'll be relaxing in my pool later!  You shouldn't let a day go wasted just because you don't have anyone to hang with!
i remember when my daughter did her first steps i was so proud of her
I can believe it.  It does tend to happen.
I would have been SO scared! I'm glad it all turned out fine though! 
I am sorry, we all have our moments of wanting to go back in time, I know I do.
That would make anyone upset! I am sorry!
No kidding! I'm glad things are good for you now - rest, relax, and enjoy!
Go for the dark chocolate its more expensive but its worth it! 
Maybe you can find a new friend!
Thats how it usually is then boom fly guts all over your helmet and clothes. 
You sound like a smart and informed shopper.
It's always great when you can afford to get what you like. Good for you! I'm sure you deserve it!
Well, that was nice .
That is so awesome! Congrats!
Sounds super cool im happy for you 
Well, I am glad no one was injured!!! Its a shame to lose great kitchenware though!! I hope you will be able to find a suitable replacement!
Thank goodness you are ok though. That could have been really, really bad.
Hope it all works out for you.  Selling cars can also be a stresfull job.
Exactly how can you go there not being able to trust your coworkers 
That sounds delicious and I'm going to have to try that! My personal favorite is Ben & Jerry's Phish Food. Now I want some.
Wow, that's pretty scary! Glad there was a good Samaritan around to warn you!
Well good.  Did you get the job?!
even better honestly then you didnt have to deal with the stress of trying and it just came natural! 
Summer breaks seem to be getting shorter each year.  Hope they had a good day as well.
Hopefully, you've got a new friend.
glad you guys got to spend some fun fam time together 
Hopefully everything goes really well for you and happy birthday! 
Riiiight...that's a stupid lie if I've ever heard one. Fight this if you can! After 10 years, they should be promoting you if anything.
I think most of the time when people sell children's items you're pretty safe. And you can google to make sure of it too.
I love them!!! So jealous, hope you have a blast!
I definitely understand. It really sucks that you're so limited. 
That sounds oddly crazy and wild. Reminds me of rabies? I hope you make his last days his best and glad he wont be suffering anymore.
well that is great, very hard thing to accomplish
Eek, I'm with Indiana Jones on this one. I hate snakes. Hope you weren't bit!
hahaha pay back is the sweetest revenge sometimes 
Yeah that must be very strange. I do not have any children, but I can imagine how crazy that is to watch them grow up!
That's wonderful! I am so glad that you had a good time. Maybe I will visit there one day.
I'm sorry to hear that, I hope your luck changes up soon!
Neither have I, and that's on my bucket list! So jealous! I hope you have an awesome time!
Awesome, you'll be able to make friends at work. I wish you the best in your new city, congrats!
YES. I say make them do it. Maybe take away phones, etc. if they don't get it together. No excuses for that!
I've definitely been there, my husband is in the military so he's away often. I find it's helpful to stay busy, trying new hobbies help!
That really does help. I hope you make it through!
If you do a Google search for your state + unemployment you should be able to find resources and might be able to file online. I'm sorry again, that's tough.
yea thats fair
I can understand that, anytime I smell or see vomit I want to vomit too.
That sounds so awesome! And fun!
She may not be the best choice of a friend if she likes annoying you so much.  Maybe try distancing yourself from her for a while.
Aw I'm sorry.  I'm sure you'll get something you want eventually though!
Same here.
lol I bet
I'm sorry to hear that
I happens to all of us at least once in our lives!
I guess its true, everything comes back around in style and toys and things.  That would make a fun Christmas gift! (Then you could play with it too! ha ha)
Ah okay, doesn't sound fun. Hope you did well and everything went smoothly!
That's really cool. Hope you have a lot of fun!
Yeah, I've had that happen to me before. Some bags are cheap and fall apart.
I would be too!  Did you try to see if you could see someone from another window or just run back to bed?  I'm glad you're ok!
Aw, that's a great friend right there. Congrats on your new puppy!
thats good, make sure to get a case too!
Oh, I am so sorry - that is an awful thing to happen. But please don't think all women are like that; many are loving and loyal.
I don't blame you, I would talk to him. Even if he is uninvolved, it is not fair for you to bear the full weight of the tasks at hand. I sure hope he has a solution and the work load eases!
Yes, and possible it just had too much stuff on it. But, you're right, sometimes it's cheap wood they use.
I would be scared too.  It is cool that you were brave enough to try though.
No problem, and I'll send good vibes your way that you pass! Good luck, you've got this.
ohh that's bad. You seem struggling to provide food for your kids. I will pray for you, and wish you a good luck in future. But, don't shoplift again, otherwise you will get into trouble
Carrot cake is wonderful!
I bet you will do great!! It sounds like you have been practicing very hard and you have the desire. That is a winning combination!!
Yeah I agree. I have a little one myself, and I kind of with they stay that young forever.
Those sound like fun activities. I hope you take lots of pictures so you can remember the trip.
It's good that you thought ahead.
I always try to do things to avoid thinking about things like that, maybe you could do the same!
Okay interesting. I'd like to try is some time!
I would imagine!  That is great news!  I am sure you had a nice sigh of relief!
Wow what a jerk...sorry you have to deal with that. I hope you can resolve that situation somehow.
good i hope you do well and stick to it!
Yeah, that's what I would probably do also. It probably won't even be that big a deal in the end.
That is a great idea!  Cruises are amazing.  You all will have a great time!
Oh wow.  I bet that was really hard.  Hopefully next time you will win
That is kind, when i have the means i try to donate
Ha ha! Don't be annoyed, that's what children do! believe me!
Most people always complain about what they don't have and never stop to appreciate what they do have.
I like how colorful the whole production is. It really does look amazing.
I feel you. That happens with me every time.
sheesh, i'm sorry about that sharting is the worst
Yeah at first it might feel a little lonely, but it'll be nice to have some relaxation time, right? 
Thanks! Enjoy your rain!
It must be satisfying to see the improvements of your pitchers. You are really helping their careers.
The buy yourself the food
Im just saying, dont feel bad I highly doubt your one vote would have been a tie breaker anyhow.
Do you think the unemployment rate is going down? 
Thats great. Thats good to hear
Yeah well you will find someone one day. Just be patient!
Yes! Maybe you should set a reminder next time! ha ha!
I enjoy RPG games the best. So, I really liked Fable, Halo, Sims, Assassin's Creed, etc.
Yeah, people tend to have some harsh reviews on things and that could be troubling
i agree 100%, you make a commitment , should stick too it
I prefer to read books on my free time because I am grown up
Elvis only had a daugther, so the chances of him telling the true are slim
Well the last time the economy was bad we had a different president. It is hard to say why recessions happen.
I am! They are my favorite team!
Thats good! I will be praying for you and him
That's amazing. I have a rescue myself and I will never have a pet any other way.
One year we had one hit a school in Moore and a few children died. It was so devastating. I hate tornados so much.
Well that is wonderful! I would be proud as well
You have made a big difference. Glad you are making a difference.
i hope like crazy you find it!!
ah dang dude thats kind of cold hearted
Yeah it is rough at that age to be apart. At least you can Skype and keep in touch.
Yeah i always to make sure to thank the people that do ncie things for me
Oh. Sounds like a big loss for Blackhawks fans, that sucks.
I do not at the moment, but I plan to at least when I turn 35 years old
At least everyone was still at work and you werent left there alone!
Yeah i remember a long time friend went there and it was such a pain to be able to get accepted
Wow, congratulations! That is a pretty competitive league as well
i hope so, we are def the greatest nation in the world
That is always the biggest worry when having kids and I'm happy it worked out for you guys.
i am also grateful to have a caring family that means the world to me
Oh good!  You must be so proud too!  I love watching youtube recipes!  I'm so glad it turned out for you!
Congratulations girl :)
Huh, well I will definitely have to try that some time. I've always wanted to ride a mule!
I love cornhole! I used to play that all the time when I tailgated in college. Good luck!
the final match was really entertaining too, the whole cup was good!
They are having a good season, but have had many bad ones. Boo Yankees!
I know, I feel the same way when my wife is gone. 
Noice! Ha ha, that's so funny.  I have a 1999 Jeep Grand Cherokee.....I bet its like night and day! Take that baby out and ride it with the windows down and the music up!
I have two boys myself! I feel like two kids is the perfect amount. Not too much to drive you insane and just enough so your first isn't lonely.
Wow, you are lucky to have someone like that in your life. That's rare.
im sure you will find something you like, eventually
thats awesome! i hope they have a great year
Yes that is what it's like in my area too.
Oh cool. I should check it out. I like those kinds of game.
that is great, its nice to have someone that is so helpful around 
You could just start going in late everyday as well, to make a point to her.
yup.
I live in the south but I'm from the north and that's one think I miss is the cooler weather. I definitely dread the summer as well.
That's very nice of you. Maybe I can learn from you and be more trusting.
that is not good i really hope you can get it done on friday
Wow you are a dedicated player. I'd imagine you will do awesome online then.
i agree! its refreshing to hear someone with a good outlook on life
small town country life is much more my speed
It always seems to wait til your head hits the pillow, then BAM!
so she probably had scar tissue. i hope this one goes better for her.
For sure, that is a motto to live by! I wouldn't dream of doing anything different. 
I live in a very large city on the east coast. We have one mall here called The King of Prussia Mall. It's the 2nd largest in the USA. Any time you go it's packed but if you drive 15 minutes to any of the other malls around it they are sad. Half the stores closed and no people.
I've been playing it since I was a kid, but I always wait like 3 years in between buying them.
man thats awesome, i have a friend who is in that field and its very interesting
But don't forget that the yankees are super good 
i know thats right, i dont know how they survived without electric
Haha, you can't always be 100% accurate when you first pursue a goal!
thats right, going through the same feeling with my son
Go over when your neighbor is home and make friends with the dog. Take him a ball or a treat. If it happen again you know your safe.
I dont mind laundry as long as i dont have to cook!
exactly. some companies really try to go above and beyond
Yeah, it is quite sad knowing there are some people who have literally no one.
I'm glad she changed. At least now you guys can save money on food because it's cheaper to cook 
Wow that's a great accomplishment! I need to get back to the gym too.
Your better then I am. I hope you don't learn a lesson the expensive way. 
I'm guessing she was either busy, or didn't like to cook? I can relate!
sorry, i accidentally sent that first message early.  that is great that she is going back to school.  I bet you are so proud of her
Then you have to meet their replacement and try to get to know them better. It usually isn't the same.
Oh, you're sly! Call the cookie addiction hotline quick!
lol no doubt! i got to see a bunch of friends recently at a wedding it was nice
That's awesome, I bet it'll be in a nice secluded resort!
i know what you mean. i lived thru hurricane andrew and it was traumatizing
Oh my! I thought the wrong thing. I'm so sorry to hear that, I hope he is okay!
Also I think all the countries should allow foreigners to visit. I don't understand why they are so territorial.
ahh dang, thats terrible! that is pretty bad luck
That is good, it is nice to have a woman like that
Wow!  I'm from that area and love the Buckeyes too!
That's insane, I hope you plan on returning that ASAP!
shoot thats a bummer! hopefully they will make it up to you
I know, it really makes you leery of everyone around you.  There are still some good people in the world though.  I'm one of them! :)
Yeah that is a bummer. Maybe one day you will live closer together.
but what if it's just some air or something
I'd imagine it's tough
i completly agree, specially with the crazy people there is these days
That's awesome, just keep him on the right path and he'll be the next Elon Musk!
I wish people would just get along. Stop fighting each other.
Nice, will check it up, i love indoor athletics as well
I'm with you on that one, especially if it requires flying. No way can I afford that.
Right, I think you are in for a rowdy time for sure!
Don't sweat it.  You'll do great.  Its never a fun process but that's so good you're keeping up with your health!
Yeah, it's always better to get motivated rather than jealous! Use it as motivation to save more money.
I think it has its purpose. It makes it easier to find people you lost touch with.
I live in central Louisiana in the US. Our winters never really get THAT cold. I'd say coldest is 25 degrees Fahrenheit.
I bet your anxiety was through the roof, I've flown a lot and still that freaks me out.
I can relate. I last seen my mom around 8 years ago and my dad around 10 years ago. Maybe you should move closer to them.
oh goodness i know right
That's great, nothing beats the farmer's market.
Great job! I would have laughed as well. Great technique to prove your point, it is always good when you can get emotion from the judge 
May his soul rest in peace and his memories live on
You are very thoughtful. I am sure he understands a chocolate craving is never to be denied!
sounds more healthy than the chic-fil-a that I had!
oh yes definitely
That is amazing! I bet you're excited
I know how that feels but I guess they have to pick someone and it was just your bad luck day. It can always be worse.
Not literally of course, lol. Good for her, I am sure she will do fine!
Yeah life comes at you fast.
i do. i'm so sorry you are having such a hard time. may you find peace in her memories.
I can understand that.  Such a great idea before the chaos of it all.  Its important to do things like that your ourselves!
Well that is ridiculous. Im sorry
That's good. If it's like mine-you had to wait forever!
That does suck
I bet that will be fun
That's great. I hope to retire some day.
I can relate I like to keep work at work but as an adult you spend so much time at work it's hard to meet people other places.
Yes!  They're legs are so much longer than I thought and they hope over they're 8 foot tall privacy fence like its nothing!
it's crazy the things they are learning now. it makes you feel like a dummy 
I am sure he did
Some allow you to make an appointment. You should try that.
Oh, front row tickets make it even better! Have a great time.
Haha oh boy! Well, on the bright side I'm sure that's a mistake she'll only make once. We all have to learn.
What do they do now? 
oh i thought he wanted a baby.. dump him first
Strange. Next time you have them try them cooked in goose liver fat and scotch. AMAZING!
Yeah, I'd imagine
No, I really dont follow sports much.
oh wow thats great.  
I have never been camping.
I totally know what you mean. I live in a smaller city now and it feels a lot cozier than larger cities I've lived in before.
Yeah, maybe next time
Well that should help
haha oh no.
That's wonderful to see that kind of progress. You must be very proud.
Those are always stressful, better study hard!
Dad's are always life savers.  I love my Dad as well, he has saved me in a couple of occasions.
I bet you were relieved.
That's so strange. I'd give the power company a call and see if there wasn't a mistake.
You can always google the local hot spots. You've got to get out there. It might not be easy
how awesome. it's fun to remember the good old days
I haven't had pizza ht in forever. They don't deliver in my area
its all good. you are able to write very well. im jealous
probably, yeah. good luck
Absolutely, and if you can start with a game for them too that would help.
That stinks. Phones are so important these days. People always give others crap about staring at them all day, but it's because they afford us the ability to do so many things. I hope you're able to get another one soon.
That's good It's sucks when you have to take care of yourself when you don't feel well.
I understand that as well
That can be very rough. Maybe you can move there soon!
They are so rude
oh thats good then.
Poor little guy. Sounds like he's lucky to have you, especially at such a critical time in his life.
That's pretty cool. I am a Pharmacy Tech
That can be rough. I know I've dealt with that with my kids by giving them each 10 minutes of solo time before they go to bed. Allows them to get their energy out.
oh i hope he is safe. i hear there is a lot popping off there right now!
I bet he did lol! I would have too if I ate that much!
That is a great feeling
Wow, that subject was always tough for me in school. Good for you!
That's always awesome when the kids approve of him! I'm really happy for you guys and wish you the best!
those sound like good people to have around
Ah they had certain expectations, I see. Well, you can't help who you fall in love with. Hopefully they will support you in the future.
Sounds like he's a natural
Kids have aversions to clean rooms. She is not the only one who does that.
Well it think there is a time frame on the bad luck though
I'm sorry, I hope everything goes okay!
Carbs are great when you haven't had them in a while. You deserved to splurge!
Yes, it is usually if you h ave acidic blood I think- too much sugar? Try onions, garlic and lemons, generally stops them from biting me. I HATE misquitos.
that doesnt sound good.
You meant on time for home. That is good.
Don't beat yourself up too much.  Spare the rod, spoil the child.  Your guilt seems to be from what other people might think.  You know if it was necessary or not.
I never get too wild into the Marvel movies. Seems like you always know how it's going to end. To me, they're good, not great. And they can get repetitive.
Yeah, there wasn't much to worry about except classes and whatever drama was going around at the time!
One time, she actually forgot to turn the car off while pumping gas. She just stuck the thing in, and went inside the shop. I was in the passenger seat... I stopped, looked for a second and thought, "Wait, can you do that now...?"
At least it's paid of and you don't have to worry about payments on it.
Bad or Genius? 
That's good that you can see a positive in that. You must be a very strong person.
Very true! Congrats! It's hard to never win
I know it's probably hard not to worry. But, it really doesn't change the outcome, ya know!
I believe there must be a good thing that happened these past few years. Count the good ones and block the bad memories out
I think so. Having integrity and good character would stop you from doing that, would you want to be cheated on? You should be honest with your partner..or work on and water your relationship if you don't like it the way it is. Cheating after 10 years would truly make you a terrible person to waste someone elses life for 10 years only to go through such a betrayal.
I do agree with you
I hope she makes it up to you.
It was a raffle!
That seems like the best option. It is hard to stick to a diet for a set amount of time. The weight always seems to return.
Gagging? So you don't do that? 
I am sorry
That's good that your brother helped. My daughter I moved alone.
oh thats good
I would go to HR about it and let them know. 
Oh no! Your friends didn't offer to buy you a drink or something? I would if I wanted my friend to come
She sounds like it! You're lucky to have such a caring mom!
That's a lot. What kind of music do you play>
It takes some getting used especially since you haven't been alone in a while.
Converse go with everything too!
Well. you will get back there.
You will get through it
hah.. thats cool
That's good and bad I guess.  It would probably be nice to be able to plan on it.
I agree, and most of the music is older music, too.
Yea. That would make me cautious as well. I hope nothing like that happens again to you.
That's terrible. Well you know what they say about karma, they'll get theirs eventually.
Oh lol. Well if you have a weapon keep it near you.
That is definitely a no- no
wow camaros are awesom.i just got a new suv
Honestly they are both crazy. It's a sad time when those two were the best we had to offer.
I would too
oh well.. at least you got some wheels.. beats taking the bus or walking
That is not too bad
IT is the worst. My landlord take forever to get things fixed.
Thats a great career! We need good counselors in schools!
I bet so, I am glad you were able to save her!
She is a (fill in the blank) she cheated and betrayed you and your marriage...she would never win in court after cheating. I am so very sorry. There is nothing like being betrayed by someone you love
That's so bad lol
Maybe it will, I'll keep my fingers crossed for you!
wow that was a good idea
It's a tough, going through the job market in general. Persistence is the key. You'll get one.
That is a long time to not be alone!
That will be the best Christmas present ever!
Meet somewhere public like a store parking lot.
Well..you could put a box of something that looked good and put "don't touch" and put exploding ink in it- Then you will know ;)
that sucks. karma will come
Yes $200 is expensive. It is always good to fix them if you can, especially for the nicer ones
Yes! I agree! I guess a lot of people say 3 strikes and your out, I'm done, but for me, I dont care who you are, I just dont give even second chances to most people!
hahaha you don't say :)
Haha I love them. They eat other pest like bugs and mice. Wait until you cat dose that again.
Oh for sure! I love riding jet skis!
Great news.  Kids are always an exciting adventure!
That is a good use of the 100 bucks. I am sure you will pay it forward at some point.
Man, that's terrible. I'm sorry to hear that. Hopefully you can recover. 
Don't worry about it, worrying will only make things worse.
I like that music
Of course. Well karma will get them one day. At least it wasn't a full on accident where you could've gotten injured.
thats awesome
You'll have a shot at it again, I'm sure!
No worries, we all have our hobbies!
i felt the same avout my moms dog when he passed.something was missing in the house.
My brother has a large lab, although they're pretty sure it has to be part of something else, because it's over a hundred pounds and looks much bigger than a normal lab. She's a sweet dog, has the energy of a puppy though, so she comes tearing at you with speed and you think you're about to die.. But she's just being playful.
Troubling times do make us extra vulnerable.
I would take someone who would be thrilled about it :)
That's understandable. I bet people have had those stuck in their feet before
Yes! I would agree! I feel bad your in that situation!
yea i know how you feel
I am happy for you
It is, we all need time for ourselves!
oh wow that sounds impressive. good luck!
How fun! I hope you have a great time!
It sounds cool
Hard work goes a long way!
So fantastic that you could take advantage of it -- *and* get to make some memories with your kids!
yea and now smart phones are everything!
Awesome! I am happy for you!
That sounds very nice
Sorry to hear that, hopefully someone will help you out with that.
Hahaha.  Nothing says you can't do both.  Work at work, play after work.
Thats very heart warming to hear
Sounds like an old coaster they should consider replacing.
I hope you have a great time!
That is a tough school to get into. Best of luck.
Well have a safe flight and make sure you make the most of it!
Well, hopefully she doesn't keep you waiting for very long, if everything else is right! But maybe be more patient than even you think you need to be in order to play it safe, so she doesn't get scared off, so to speak. Sounds like it will be worth it in the end.
That sucks. I hope that changes in the future for you.
Well that's good!
That's good news. Congratulations in advance!
That is not your fault
I hope you have showered her with gifts and appreciation, she deserves it
yea i can see that also
Hopefully, you won't have to walk when it's dark out again or at least have people to walk with you.
Thats what helped me when I moved away.  Video chatting makes it feel like youre still there
I am sure you are finr
It happens, you can't beat yourself up about it, it was an accident!
Well that's a good attitude
that is always a perfect combo!
Mistake can easily happened. Nothing to worry about.
thats cool
I am not sure it was
I love animals , i would feel the same as you
what a good friend. I'm glad you had a good birthday
What happened then
Well that's good. I bet he appreciated you taking care of him,
I am happy that you have that to remember him by.
Oh congratulations!
It always makes me think about baseball when I think of Cracker Jacks
Hopefully you got a refund.
That would be very nice
thats good!
A tip someone gave me once is to make sure to have really good posture as it makes you appear less nervous! Fake it till you make it! Good luck!
Haha, wow, that's awesome.  Sort of makes up for him playing that prank on you.
no worries buddy, the experience will make you stronger
You'll get the highest grade, I'm sure!
Oh that is wonderful news! Congratulations!
I am sure that you will meet some new friends@
I hope you don't have many of those dreams again.
hard work pays off!
I do as well
Do you wear glasses or do you have 20/20 vision
That sounds good, Give it time, she will come around.
I hope you will feel better.
He wont win anything
I didn't know it was healthy!
I guess so, I just hate that my grade would depend on someone else's work.. or lack there of.
I heard they are based outside of the country and make calls out of reach of the law.  Like I said, ANNOYING!
he lived a long life.
Aw sorry to hear that, hope he/she is fine and you'll able to find it.
I am sure you will
I would be too
I'm glad you made that connection.
That's terrible service. I hope you get it resolved soon!
Then just tell him no.  If it's meant to be he'll respect it
YES! I used to be very social but I have had enough of that and now I am happy to be at home and at peace :0
I bet you were
That is great.
Someone else should have looked out for you, though.
I do too
I am sorry! I have been there before and it is no fun!
Very nice.  I think youll get it.  I believe in you
That's really cool, hope you two become BFFs!
Good! I try my best to live by that.  Its hard sometimes though,  Life is weird.
I guess you did
Oh that is a bummer, maybe you can around work as it's worth it :)
I'm sorry to hear that. Well, I hope it's over with soon.
They are talented for sure
That's really nice of him. Sounds like you won the sibling lottery.
Oh I see! Still, a great gesture to get a cake.
I had horrible roomates. I'm glad you gotta keeper.
I would do so just as a precaution, can never be too careful!
I actually use a special extension on my browser so I can block certain things like this on my Facebook! You should try it!
hahaha that might be a small proble, but nothing to be worried about
That's always a nice alternative, could be worse.
Yes, even though it's part of life, it doesn't make it any better when it happens. I hope it starts to get better for you soon.
That's pretty awesome :) is it your whole family going, or just you and a significant other
thats a nice committment you got there. congrats
I am in the same boat
I feel the same! No use spending that on something that will be eaten either
I can understand not wanting a big wedding, I wish I would have made a different decision.  Good for him.
That makes sense.  Well, you are doing a lot of good.
That's great, it can take awhile for boys to get the hang of it all.
I am glad she did
He will always live on through spirit in your heart. I'm sorry for the loss.
Yes, I heard the same thing! Cheap on parts too!
that is really fun place to go with family, i was there last year and really enjoyed it
Yeah that makes a lot of sense. Good thinking!
I can get that sometimes
Well, to each their own. They have driving classes if you ever feel like you need them.
You earned it! Good job!
Awesome.  What color is it.  Happy Birthday by the way!
I hate it
I heard they can keep you from hitting a pleateu.
nice well if you keep in touch everyday maybe it won't feel so far
ah thats true
Fun, I have a friend who has one of those. They're very playful.
Yeah, I'm with you. I hate going to especially Walmart, because it's so freaking crowded all the time. It's a hassle getting even the shortest shopping list. But I'm on a budget and it's where I have to go.
yes! Research is a life saver, never just rely on doctors..they almost killed me and many I know. I hope it's not too bad!
Hey, I really hope you do. It was partly why my dad had a stroke and then had health problems the rest of his life. But I'm sure you get that all the time. You have to do it for you, not because of horror stories and all that. I hope you get through it, though.
Hopefully they will diagnose her correctly and she becomes her normal self. Fingers crossed!
Its nice to have
I'm glad you're getting used to it now.
Maybe they'll be more affordable and even slicker when you get around to it.
Make sure you tell them you love them when you see them next! :)
hopefully you will still get the money
That is annoying
Yep. If people were truely happy, they wouldn't have time to troll others.
That's great! Congratulations on getting it!
that sounds great.
Ah okay, good plan. I'm sure she will go out with you. Just don't sound too desperate. 
It's ok. I'm sure everyone has their embarassing moments.
You know that's right.  I love food, although I just recently became a vegan.
Only if i find the money
I bet it smells nice
I hope you'll get another opportunity or even a better one.
I know was it an important sentiment to your family? I hope it comes up eventually.
That does sound fun
Family should help as much as possible.
ah ok
I feel sorry for th 19 people who didn't get it.
It happens to everyone
Ah, work always seems to find a way to get in the way.
Yum! Don't forget about the corndogs.
I'll keep my fingers crossed that it happens for you. I don't think a boss would give a hint like that for no reason!
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you find him soon.
ah sounds like the smart move
I hope she was able to fend for herself. I'm sorry she went through that loss.
Money is what runs the world.
Well aren't you the Lucky the Leprechaun...how much have you won so far
That is cool I guess
The weekends are for the boys!
That's good. So many peole just drive faster.
That is sad
Oh my gosh thats exciting.  You're going to have such a fun time.  I love roller coasters
oooh that's exciting!  I hope you get good news on Friday!!  
those are definitely reasons to keep going back,
that was awesome of you all
I'm so happy for you.
It sounds that way
I do agree
Ill bet it was! I hope you thanked her! Cake takes time and effort to make!
Yeah but it is worth it because now you have a loyal and obedient partner. 
That's gotta be embarassing.
Your dog is an angel!
You're welcome. Goals is what makes life matters sometimes.
What are your default pizzas.  Mine are Little C's or Dominoes
I am glad you did
thats good
Hopefully it is a great place to eat and we enjoy it!
Yeah they are horrible
Just make sure you drop the hint in a nice way!
Nice!  I would secretly be a little envious myself, they are nice cars.
I am sure it will be
oh thats cool
Work is pretty great and makes a bunch of money!
That is funny
Good luck! I'm sure you'll do great!
That's not too bad. I had to pick mine up at the animal shelter. 
I can tell
Sounds like a plan.
I can imagine
oh, well that happens
ah that stinks
Maybe you should start saving up some extra money so you can make yours better!!
She sounds amazing
Haha that must have felt a bit satisfying at least. Glad you took care of them.
I hope it stays that way for you. Luckily I'm in an apartment now where the utilities are included, so I don't have to stress about what it's going to be, or confronting my roommates.
I like all of my partners too much.
Oh no, I always feel the same way. I usually avoid areas like that.
thats cool that he was able to come out on his own terms
It's time to one up him and get a Porsche!
I wish I lived in your fine community.
That's always a good sign.  When you feel good about it, you did well.
i hate fight delays
you should bite first and take them both home!
Can you drink any dairy? Or is that totally off limits
Okay, maybe punch him in the nose.
I didn't understand you.
You will do better next time
Maybe someone kicked you in the eye!
Just dont give up
Happy days fly away so quickly.
I hope it's not too expensive to fix!
i can only imagine
I like your attitude. 
I live near the coast, and we have hurricane scares all the time. For some reason, people love to stay behind and just face the storm. They're fearless and think everything will be okay, even when sometimes it's not. I guess they're just determined to stay by their homes and not abandon them, which I can understand. I'll hope for the best for you!
That's the worst... So it wasn't even just taste, it was about health.. Dang. I don't know if I could ever go back there again. It'd always be in the back of my mind. Glad you caught it early and didn't go home with too much food poisoning.
it is a great way to learn that.im glad i was able to learn those values.
smh time flies now that you mention it...I was just going through old fb beach pics of me and an ex I was planning to marry but we fell off and it hits me like a sucker punch every time
Sounds like you have some real talent there.  Keep up the good work.  I bet you'll be famous one day!
hah thats awesome.. canceled of course.. but awesome
I have always wanted one.
I sure hope that happens.
Yeah, that happened to my roommate recently. I didn't try to give him too much specific advice, because most of it is just useless. I just tried to help him realize the best he can do is be patient, because time makes everything feel better, or at least hurt less.
oh nice
i would feel the same way
We will see once the baby comes out and is tested!
It's great that you both were able to work it out.
No no! Forget those shorts! be you!
Congratulation.
Well maybe it's for the best.  Good luck
That sound fun! I love to eat fresh fish!
Good for you my friend!  We all need days like that!
I am so heartbroken thinking about it.  I'm sorry.
Well more power to you!  I don't think I could do that in one night - you must be a good baker.
Hey I really appreciate that advice. I need to take it. I'm horrible at setting goals. I just move in a general direction. I need to break things down step by step. We'll see how it goes.
all you can do is stay positive , all we can hope is our brothers will one day wake up before its to late 
This is very true!
thats cool
Thats a long trip.  I hope they have a good time
We are going in December and it is going to be magical.
I try to get a change every time the sticker says,  thats one thing i dont mind paying for.
Life does throw things at us.
you should be fine
Oh man.  I hope he is alright, I would be nervous too
ohhhhh maybe turn it into a little vacation
Okay, yeah a lot of people seem to have that problem. Maybe you can learn from it for next time.
Well, on paper you are like a dream catch, no doubt about it.
Yes I'd agree with you. I still think it's hilarious that he's president...didn't think know Republicans had such a scarce lineup
thats the way to be! 
You really don't, I agree.
That is crazy! maybe its you from the future!
That's sounds like a great experience. I hope you enjoy it!
That is so awesome.  I hope it gets there before this weekend so you can binge it!
damn that stinks
mmmm delicious
Yes, loneliness can be quite sad.
Great! That is how it should always be :) 
Yeah I know what you mean. I'm in a similar situation right now as well.
That's super rude. Hopefully karma will take care of that. 
yea i guess thats true
Amazing! i need some luck like that in my life.
I know right??  Maybe you should buy some bad makeup and let her steal that
Yes, animals are our best friends.
Oh you shouldn't be. Don't eat before church though ;)
thats cool.
Yes I agree. I would be amazing to win the lottery.
That is a great attitude to have. It would be nice if more people saw it like that.
I love to enjoy my free time too.
ah yea ... i can understand that
Oh my god,  Thats actually crazy
Ohhhh, yeah they are very inspiring. I wish mine didn't die yesterday from a concussion.
OH! I thought you mean he returned them to a store, like a bad purchase. Oh man you were drunk! Thats pretty bad lol- But nice friend still
Yeah, they tend to be very timid creatures. I'm glad you didn't freak out and hit him with a shovel!
That sounds delicious. My previous response was meant to be, "What's your favorite meal", but I accidentally pressed enter.
waiting is the hardest part
oh thats scary
Oh my, Atleast he found it wow!
I am happy for you!
I can imagine.  I would of done the same thing probably
that is really nice to hear, hope everything goes as planned
That's a good thing that it wasn't another type of drink!
wow thats horrible! im sorry
I am sorry to hear that. News like that can come out of nowhere.
That is smart glad you are fine I never thought about the dash cam wish I had one when I got in my crash get you one really soon.
Thats a good thing now your very prepared for the worst
i mean it still pretty cool you won, congratulations
That is exciting!  But you are write - children are expensive!
That is good to hear.
I'm going on a guided fishing trip next month
That was generous of him.  But continue to work on your punctuality.
I'm glad you had a nice time...and they found the child by the way, it was an error.
I know what you mean. I wish my dad were still around.
Good to their safe.
I'm glad for you on all of that.
Ouch that's bad.  Study hard. I'm sure youll do better next time
I hope you catch a BIG ONE (or more) - have a great time!
That does sound like a lot of fun
I hope he continues to improve. It's bad when a loved one is ill.
I am happy for you
Sometimes you have to just look at the positives though and smile about it
Well, they will get over it
I'm sure you'll reap the rewards at your job in the long term.
ouch.  well i hope youre ok.
Well that is just great. Congrats!
It happens like that. Don't give up.
Well, maybe it's for the best if you can move on.
I think you will. Just keep doing a good job and keep your confidence up.
I would be placing traps all inside my house in case it ever comes inside.
good ones I hope.
Yeah it would be really nice to have some backup funds in case something happens.
hopefully he survived the incident
He would probably appreciate you doing that.
That is such a pain. Do you have a credit card to use in the meantime? 
Ive heard a lot of good things about Austin, but ive never been.  Ive always wanted to go
I'm glad you came through it safely.
Congratulations!  Your life should feel a little less stressful when you get it!
HAHA that's a shame. It's just like having to stare at Christmas gifts for a month but not being able to open them as a kid.
There are jobs that are hard
Wow, so talented. That must make you very happy to see them do well at something.
What a pleasant surprise.
I wish I had a group of friends like that. I always just knew people but never got close. 
I would too if I could sit outside and enjoy it like you! 
That sucks. You should have went out anyways.
make sure you do it when you get home
the gym is a great place to start , make new friends and get fit
Its probably muscle though so you will still look slimmer.
That's such a waste of money and food. Glad its working out though.
Keep doing what youre doing!  I think youll keep moving up that company ladder in no time
I'm well mostly, but ready for Fall to come.
why? He did not do anything bad to you.
It really is unreal, but you know people are getting worse and worse these days,. 
Im sure your next employer will be much better. That is no way to treat an employee.
It never gets too far out of your memory. but it will fade over time. I doubt you'll still be feeling like this when you're in the nursing home.
Oh wow. That has to be hard to see. It's great they you are actually doing something about it.
I wouldnt even know what to do with an extra $100
Well we give in to our friends. Hopefully he pays you back and not ruin your friendship.
Thats sad. Im so sorry to hear that! 
There are other girls
You should get some good storage totes and pack it all up so its safe
If you wonder how things would be different you'd drive yourself nuts.
I've been to one of those. They sure find ways to get you!
I know it sucks when people get what you need and its out of sight but I hope you get one soon! 
you're not! :) I'm sure they will go to college and end up being very successfull
This chat has three people in it, it seems.  I am talking to two separate Worker_2's.
There's always a next time.
I remember losing my childhood dog. They always stay in your hear.
5
I am a sucker for some good deals! 
Congratulations I hope you like it
it is. i remember all the drama from my teen years and how i was stressed and crying over really stupid stuff :) 
Oh wow, that is very depressing. I hate movies like that.
not every person in the world is the same , we are all different  i am confident you will find someone 
I hope she feels better. That's never fun for mom or child.
Be safe, they may come back.
What a surprise! I love when friends go above and beyond like that, it shows that they really care
Well I hope one day you get what you want :) 
That is awesome!
yikes, that sucks. Hopefully you found one that worked eventually.
yes i still have dreams of my friend , and he passed 12 years ago , i will never forget him
I cant even begin to imagine how hard that must be. Stay strong! 
Hopefully no breaks.
I completely agree
Are they hiring? I could use a new job. 
Maybe see if you can do your grocery shopping to. Maybe that will save you from having to do it later in the week.
That is one of the tunes that is on the gold record flying out of our solar system on the Voyager probe.
Ugh I dont even know how to respond to that other than to tell you to hang in there. Lots of positive and love your way. 
You could always do that but maybe exploring on your own can give you a different perspective on things.
Just keep cranking them out. YOur videos will get better and your channel will grow. I know it can be annoying at first.
That is really something to be proud of!
That sounds amazing!  You all must have really enjoyed playing it!
Wow, that sounds terrible. I really do hope you fix your internet problem.
You are gonna do great. Enjoy your time before you start work.
I know, but you will have so many more summers coming up you got this 
thats sad to hear 
Keep up the good work.
ah ok. If intuition tells not to fly. Lets not take chance. you should skip the flight
It sucks having to wait for something like that, I know, but it will be here soon enough. Try to relax.
maybe you should have a talk with her
Wow! That was really nice of them.
That really sucks, I hope you feel better and can take her another day!
It is, plus it's so antisanitary
It sucks that you were forced to
Oh whoa. That is pretty crazy. Hopefully yall can become friends again.
No way! Come on. You are a champ walk back in there. 
That is awesome, I am sure it makes you happy
That's great, I'm glad you are transitioning to something new so well.
That would be a nice gesture
im really happy for you 
Sounds a bit harsh, but business is business
Im sure once it was over you realized that you would be okay with that.
That sounds good, hope you have a great time
I would be too. Thats amazing. Good for her! 
Yeah I could not imagine life without the internet
im sorry, i read that wrong. i am very happy for you!
Yuck! I don't think I'd be able to hold back my own puke if that happened to me.
The Berenstein bears one i think is crazy
They are hungry little beast.
eventually you will feel better again
Thats amazing. You must be proud. Good for her! 
Sounds like she just needs some time to settle in, and catch her breath.
Wow, so he must be really smart then.  Make sure he doesnt do too much partying like I did.
That is so awesome, you must  be so proud!
Yes! We will be planning a second birthday soon! I cant wait!
Oh awesome, yes childbirth is an amazing feeling
thats what family is for
I really hope that you continue to encourage her! She may have a future as an artist.
All the best for your exams!
Then use her yard as a garbage can. That's what she does to yours.
sounds super cool! 
That is super sweet of them! So nice. 
What a mean thing to do.
yeah i should
Well that is really considerate!
Yea thats a good idea.  Be like, hopefully I dont spill this one on me too
Just have confidence. It sounds like you already know the outcome. If she says no just dont make a big deal out it.
That is well worth taking a chance on since the risk of rejection did not happen and the payoff was a good outcome. She said yes! 
I know I would have been super upset in the moment. 
That is scary! I hope nothing came inside
Well maybe you will get a good overall grade and pass!
Oh no, stay indoors for sure!
Yeah, I'm jealous. You're so lucky!
ugh well i hope no one in your family was affected 
Thats all that matters, and your happiness 
Well, I will pray for you, and I hope our advanced medicine and doctors can cure him.
It will get better, its always darkest just before the dawn
Don't sweat it.  There's plenty of other competitions that you can try again at.
Each birth is special irrelevant of first or second. I am happy for you though
That is awesome, good for you!
Does he still have your car
Reach out to them and see how they are!
Paying off debt is where i am now.  its hard work, but so worth it
i bet!
Darn, I hope your insurance covers it
God is always there for you and always will be. 
that is unfortunate, hopefully you can give them guidance
I would be too. I would have complained to staff.
Nice I love German Shephards! They are cute when puppies and monsters when they grow up, my kind of dog
Cigarettes are very expensive depending on where you live
I get it, everyone wants their first kiss like yesterday! It's a big moment!
Its ok, you can always make new memories, it will not replace what you have lost, but it is a start
Good for you, make sure you get the 20% down.
I think that we are free to do as we want and we are in control of our fate.
Oh wow, you must've been pretty tired to make a mistake like that.
i will check it out then!
I'm sorry, At least you can rest assured knowing that your cat lived a long life.
Ha, sometimes the only person you can trust is yourself.
That's aweseome. I'm happy it turned out well. You must be pretty artistic
Sounds like it was a nice surprise :)
that's really great! you are such an optimist, i need to learn from you :)
I would have thought it would be the other way around.
Well good thing she got there! Kids always tend to want to go to bed at the last minute and end up not sleeping enough or sleeping past their alarms!
I agree, that movie is definitely ahead of it's time!
That's aweseome I've always wanted to go to Cali...from the Midwest, moved to TX to escape the desolate tundra haha
I understand that. Gas is so expensive!
Make a list and start packing for it a couple days in advance! 
That's horrible. I am sorry for your loss. 
Oh man he must have been huge...did you get any pictures
I actually injured my back a while back as well. I haven't gone to the doctor yet, though!
That is horrible. Take some time and grieve. Im always here if you need someone to talk to.
That's great.  My daughter is 3, so I hope I can get her into a program like that!
It was exciting.
best of luck friend
Yes, it will be nice to have a good pay cheque coming in.
Yeah I always thought it would be fun to learn to do that. 
That takes a lot of nerve, so kudos to that guy. I'd never do that because I'd probably die lol
Just try to have a fun time and let what happens, happen!
I hate when you help someone out and they take advantage of you. I could never do that to someone.
I hear you on that, but the way it is right now, everything we do is destroying the environment, and I'm sure you do plenty already to help. Until electric vehicles are more affordable and reliable, you can't blame yourself for the choice. I'm sure your words have affected others and made them rethink their choices, and all that helps and adds up.
Yes.  I once helped out a friend in a car wreck.  A month later I got a flat tire changed for free
Oh, man! I'm sorry to hear that. Gotta be careful next time!
My mom worked at a bank, and it's not as easy as you'd think it'd be, that's for sure. Congratulations again!
yeah am B+, O+ is quite common and it can match for other blood group and O-ve is the opposite
Wow, that's pretty cool! Congrats! That's a pretty exciting new thing in your life.
Then she's a keeper for sure
Yeah, That gets old after a whle for me.    
Yes, I hope so too. it's nice to get promotions at work.
Oh hell yeah! I bet you're so thankful to your parents. Enjoy your new car!
Interesting.  It is a real bullet. 
Oh wow. Should have taken pictures of it and used the internet to help you figure out what it was! I'd be curious.
I hope both our ego and your nose heal up quickly!
That's too bad you couldn't go, but memories are great to have!
Best of luck!
I'm a stay at home mom and honestly it's the hardest job i've ever had but the most rewarding one :) I told my husband i want to keep having kids so i won't have to work again lol
Bad customer service. You should definitely switch
if they are really your friends, they wont care if you were bad
I can agree with that. Women like a man who is dedicated to something. It shows good characer.
Nice does it go well with any dip? Or is it better alone
It is, it makes all those memories just flood back
It's always intense running into ex's. I'm glad your guys conversation went well and you guys could catch up. 
He needs to be quarantined whenever he gets some kind of sickness, lol.
Hahaha, I guess that's true. For me it's pretty bad. I don't know if you're familiar with the internet term, but on my 30th birthday, I'm going to be a "wizard" lol.
I've tried some of the cheaper virtual reality headsets, but I'm sure they can't compare at all!
You should!  No one should have to clean up after someone elses animal.
Do you plan on discussing this with your boss? 
I can't imagine. Are you planning on going parachuting again? 
We need more musicians who are about the music and bringing enlightenment to people. We got way too much commercial garbage on the radio. I really hope your message resonates with people.
That's not bad at all.  
that's horrible! I'm sorry to hear that. if i was you i would write a bad review on this restaurant's facebook page
i totally understand that.
I'm not always broke but I feel like what helps is leaving my credit / debit card at home and just carry cash for what I need
i feel like those type of cars are the most reliable! 
Sounds like you'll be alright after all
I hope you feel better soon.
you got a fair point. You would need to soften her with something else other wise children's will keep aggravate you 
Yea, some people really prove that hard work can pay off. I hope he enjoys the promotion!
It could be that but some of my friends have said that with social media and online dating, it's harder and harder to truly connect with someone. There are a lot of people out there struggling.
True.. but, who knows... maybe you'll make a new friend.
Itll take some time to grieve. Just make sure you have close friends and family nearby to talk to.
Haha, man, I bet that was fun. Poor skunk didn't know what hit him.
there are other options in life but you must always follow your heart when making such important decisions.
Dang! Can I get a hug too? 
Haha, yea, although some people I know haven't changed at all. I just miss the energy I had from when I was younger.
Honestly, we all do it. Plus, who cares if she checks out other guys if she is coming home with you!
Yeah, my kids are almost all grown. I don't know what I will do when they are all gone. I guess I will just enjoy the grandkids and my husband. It will be different.
Woooow, haha. Time for a game plan! I hope you can get rid of them, you may need to call up some friends or an exterminator.
Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can repair and issues you have between you guys. There's nothing more important than family.
That's awesome! I am truly impressed with your handling of the situation.
I don't think I could work in a daycare. It would be overwhelming.
lol. All men do for that matter
haha!! you are i guess!!
Oh yes, they can do that when they get older. My daughter is a teenager now, so I can relate!
My son is going to the fourth grade and has been doing great so far. I hope he can keep it up!
i love eggs and cheese and would have been heartbroken. good thing pizza was available
oh cool. I never been to any kind of motorcycle event
Oh, I bet I could guess what kind of music they'd play. Sorry about your shirt problem, though.
i feel the exact same way. i haven't fished in years for that same reason
About this time of year, there's a lot of 'first day of school' pics.
Its good that you are excited! Im sure you will be a great asset for them!
Ha!  I wasn't thinking at the time.  I was just grabbing whatever was around!
Yes, and you will end up meeting someone when youre not looking and n ot expecting it. 
i know that feelingh
Well I hope you get it then.
sounds like she is ready to succeed 
I hope you can find another job soon.
Thats pretty cool
I'm the same way! Although now that I know it is scary I probably won't watch it!
At 13 everything is interesting to her. She may just want attention.
I am in the Information Systems field
They are, I really enjoyed playing them. We also played Donkey Kong.
That is true, well there is a lot of time left
I haven't played that one, I will have to try it out.
Use a recipe and stick to it. If he is a good boyfriend he will appreciate your effort.
We weren't, only 2 1/2 years. It was just the two of us and we were very close, she passed away several years ago.
I will have to try it out!
That makes sense, well I wish you the best of luck!
Give yourself a break. Your financial health is important too.
That can be tough to do, but will pay off in the long run!
Seriously? Do you like super smash bros? It is coming out in december, I love my switch to death man, it is amazing
Thank goodness, that will make you stressed.
I get where you are coming from. Nintendo fans are not easy to please!
That sounds like a great time!
We need you. Hang in there.
Ah okay, that is good then, I hope they are effective for you!
That's very unusual. Most jobs don't. I would talk to the managers about it! Paid lunch would be great
That must be quite dissapointing
Congratulations.  Thats awesome.  I hope you give him the world
That is hard, especially being so far away from family.
You'll do fine. As long as you love him, everything else will work out.
That sounds exciting! I can't wait to what they come up with next!
Yep, but you can only help one person at a time.
Oh, that would not have been fun! They do not like people!
Are you going to say anything to your surperiors.
Oh, well they probably do not need any ice cream!
Cherish the moment while you can!
Something big must have happened.
That is good also. Hanging out with friends is the best thing to do.
That's really great!
I am sorry to hear that! 
That's nice. Mine started a couple of weeks ago.
I know what you mean. We are getting club schedules together for my teen
You will know when the time is right. I am adopted myself, so I have a special place in my heart for new parents.
Yes, that happens everytime!
I will do that.
Ugh I was hoping that is not the case, I would want my kid to be young forever
I went to the casino after and won 250 dollars but I was by myself lol
Sorry to hear that, i hope you get chances to visit!
It really is!
I am glad it did not make you depressed!
I am sorry to hear that, I have been there before.
I've never been much for sea stuff for some reason.
Hopefully he  has worked hard for it. I'm sorry you have to deal with that
You have a lot of hard work ahead.
That is a nice car! 
I am happy for you
me too, best of luck!
Siblings can be our closest confidants, and in a lot of cases, lifelong friends.
yeah i can relate to that, alone time is sometimes very relaxing
That is even better! School shopping can be so expensive.
He will be into everything. I know what you mean about looking back. Kids grow so fast.
I'm sure he will return!
I was told that recently. My ilfe revolves around my kids
Cool I'm glad it was a success.  I hope it reminded you of good times!
that is really nice, i still have my wedding dress
Hey children are a miricle. 
Great, how about a loan ? Just kidding.
Ok, but at least you got to do something you have always wanted right? visit gulf shores
The bites take forever to go away, too!
I think that's normal! Eventually you will adjust
Maybe you can just get another job.
You got it!
I bet you won't have anything to worry about. We will both excel.
Well, at least you were able to conquer your fear!
that is normal when you lose someone, but time heals everything
That is nasty, you have to kill that habit!
You're a kind person to wish that.
Oh no! I hope you didn't feel too humiliated.
I hate interest too. It is always to pay cash.
It's a very good feeling when someone has faith in you! Good luck with your project!
Just save up and eventually, you will be able to get them.
Good idea. Glad you got away safely.
It's so great to be prepared! I'm sure the interviewers will be impressed!
True. I bet it was a mad house at the supermarket today.
Do you usually do good in math? It is my favorite subject and always came so easy for me.
Well, I am sure he will meet a bunch of jolly good fellows while he's still in high school. You just got to keep on top of him with his grades and he will be fine.
I play on the PS4. It's the only way to play Madden.
lol i feel you, i too am lacking in that department
Ouch. I hope he didn't lose any teeth.
Although you might have really been scared your story sound kind of funny!
That's so wonderful. My boyfriend has a cat named Smoke (I call him Smok) that I love sooo much. Good luck!
I feel you man. Seeing pictures of my baby son tears me right up.
Dang, kind of reminds me I should probably do something nice for my wife...
How ironic. Unable to study finances because you're at work making your own.
The anticipation must be crazy.
Those cakes are really good! I believe they are made of dried milk.
Pizza is my absolute favorite, I could eat it for the rest of my life.
Wow. I've gotta see this guy then.
Silver lining: she said she didn't want to fail you, so at least you passed your project.
As long as she knows where your intentions are the amount doesn't matter we all wish we can do more but we do what we can don't be down.
No, it wasn't. I bet you learned your lesson not to steal pretty quickly.
Very interesting. Maybe I should look into that to connect to my great grandmother.
Hopefully, you pass at least.
Well, at least you weren't left there for all eternity.
So young lol well at least it's a good memory and the good weather makes you happy and think about it. 
Of course! I'm sure he appreciated you being there!
Some people just have no consideration. You deserve to eat your leftover Chinese.
good for you, send me a post card, enjoy
Wow. I wonder how they even saw that the grass needed to be cut living in darkness.
Wow. I didn't know shoes could cost that much!
That makes sense to me. Money doesn't always equate to happiness. Hope you are doing better now!
Thank you. Yes, even though it's been a month since we said goodbye, I still look for him around the house. 
That's great! Maybe I should conquer my fear of heights that way, too!
I think so too, he knows what it's like to be down and out and to work hard for his own success.
Glad all that studying worked out!
Distance is sometimes the best healer. Glad to hear things are patched up.
Those are such smart dogs! I hope it's nothing
You'll be okay! Use the age old public speaking advice, picture everyone in their underwear! Good luck!
It must be such a relief. I'm happy for ya.
I am sure she will like it as long as you followed the recipe.
I like how creative you got with it, I'll need to try it sometime.
Nice. At least you won't lose any money.
Oh my. That is quite a unique first word!
I know right?!? Sometimes it's just best to be quiet, even though you know you are right, to help things get better.
Oh yes, best to have her not alone ever during this time.
If it was the bank's mistake, even if you didn't have enough money, they're responsible for fixing it.
Me too! It's very hard sometimes, like running an orphanage but it is rewarding as well!
That's cool, I don't know the first thing about building my own pc.
That sounds unprofessional. I thought they were supposed to sound neutral.
Oh! That's a nice program. Well getting any amount of groceries for free is nice, but yes too bad it wasn't a supermarket sweep
LIttle things build up sometimes. I hope you feel better as well.
Because I love Domino's so that's the only pizza I think of!
Man, the nerve on some people. I would never take somebody's spot if they have a sign up for it!
Man, I feel bad for his stomach. It's probably as worn out and bloated as my great granddad.
I guess he learned his lesson.  Only eat 25.  ha ha.
Well they can be, but make sure you buy it next time. Ramen is super cheap :)
Kids grow up so fast. Gotta cherish every moment sometimes.
That's great! Hopefully, the meeting goes well.
Well, I'm not sure about that or how are you typing?! 
Awwwww, that's so cool. I remember when my dog was going through all that over a year ago. They learn so fast.
I'm sure he won't. Sounds like he's a hard worker.
Right, have to train them not to I suppose, if at all possible.
Good luck.
That's reasonable. Just make sure you get your own when you have the funds available.
Oh so sorry to hear that. Well maybe you can round them up for something.
I'm right with you.  Oh, cigarette butts gross me out, not to mention second hand smoke which has been found to cause cancer too.
Some people just aren't considerate of others like that.
That's so cute!
Wow. I hope you don't ever have to see anything like that again!
Yeah, I would be too. Hopefully they'll invite you in the future.
Right, puppies are like that. It took mine a year and a half before they weren't having any more accidents like that.
Well, it certainly sounds like you deserve it. You sound like a good person.
Glad all that hard work paid off for ya. I aspire to get there someday myself.
That's awesome.  Are you a nurse?  I used to work in the NICU.  It was a wonderful job.  Good luck with your new position.
Aw well, as long as she is a good mom, more power too her :) Children are great fun.
ok
That's really great. You should go join the circus.
Must've gave them a good chuckle. Don't worry. They'll get over it.
Dang. Well, I am sure you won't make that mistake in the future!
It really does.  I feel your pain on the no wheat policy.  I used to eat fast food all of the time and now I am a no wheat no oil vegan, so No fast food.
Oh, I feel you! I used to be a food addict as well when I was younger. It is a hard habit to break! It's amazing how far you have come though! So many don't realize that fresh real food make a difference and you feel so good when you get real nutrition!
Yea, maybe you can find an alternative. I lost a few shirts over the years before too, it's no fun.
Sounds like you're ready to go!
Best of luck to you, I hope everything works out great in the end!
She probably bad mouthed you while out there.
That's always a plus. I am sure that will make the search less stressful.
That's why I don't have carpeting.
It's always great to reconnect to old friends.
That is really terrifying.
I would too if my wife did that. It's alright, man.
Yea. You should definitely hold off on buying a new car for now.
Like a bathroom maybe!  some people really just dont understand manners.
Yeah, it must be a pretty embarrassing moment. Although it's an honest mistake.  
That's great, losing a pet would have been awful.
True. But, you can't help stupid people from getting high paying jobs. I am a prime example.
That's pretty cool. You guys must have a good relationship. 
I wish you luck anyway!
I hope that that was the last time you have to clean up any messes! Sending my prayers!
I've heard good things about the Navy and also how tough it is.
Don't forget to get some rest though.
That sounds incredibly tasty. I think I will have to go there.
Yes she certainly does! I guess she makes up for it in other ways!
They sound great! Happy birthday to you!
That is really said. I hope that she gets a new mom some day.
It will be fine! You'll be staring at an A before you know it!
That's great. I'm glad you got to feel that feeling.
True. Sometimes you have to lower your standards to something more realistic.
Yeah, pushing herself could end up to her having a horrible life.
That's funny and also kind of a waste of pizza.
Awesome! That makes me glad that there are still teachers and professors that truly care!
I hope it turns out well whatever it is.
I don't know how anyone could turn an abused child away..it's not easy but they need help.
Yes I would be too. I hope you catch them and I hope he didn't loose too much stuff.
thats disgusting , then why even be in a relationship waisting someones time
I love having that feeling. Especially after eating a healthy snack!
That's comical. Most of us don't reach 90.
That is good. You are better then me..I rescue but I would hate having that on something new.
I don't think the polar bears are gonna let you near their coke, man.
Wow, sounds pretty impressive!
oh .. do they visit often? 
Was it parked at home? That sucks
ah.. that sounds like a smart move.
I guess he really does do it for the passion of teaching then.
Well hopefully nothing bad will happen and you won't need to use it.
thats a good idea then if she can manage it 
I hope you find the peace that you deserve and know your pet loved you!
That is awesome.
I'm away from my family for the past 10 years.
That's so kind of them. I'm glad you're repaying their kindness.
oh good luck!
That's all you can do at this point 
Wow, that's impressive. A very exotic dish for sure!
Well if you were playing me you would definitely win
Hey being single isn't that bad! You'll find your soulmate one day when the time is right.
that is a little aggravating , i would be pissed too 
i agree.
Nice, sounds like a relaxing weekend.
A C is not too bad. I know how you feel, I hold myself to a very high standard as well. It could have been much worse though!
Yes, I would be too. That was so irresponsible of them!
I'm hoping for a miracle for you so that you can get a little bit of shut eye!
That is a good surprised.
Well I think you'll be able to sell it for a good price.
good times , you got to hold on to the memories 
I thought I had seen every episode of lock down. I haven't seen that lol
I hope she does too. Maybe spend extra time loving on her tonight she she'll feel better.
I hate lightning. It makes me jump every time.
Won't you visit?4
They probably changed their crust or something, they always do that mess.
I know right. I was never truly explained the world of "bills"
that sounds like a great plan honestly 
Yes, you must be very proud for accomplishing that.
That should be fun. I have to work this weekend. I need to hang with friends before I go crazy
Oh no, I have to take her side now. Summer's are made to break the rules.
i used rope from the warehouse once as a belt 
If only they had told us sooner.
Then throw the whole dude away and get you a new one! You deserve the best!
Make sure to leave feedback on their profile. Hopefully they can't get any more rentals.
I understand. Sometime, I become also superstitious.
I think it's time to hide your drinks from them. It works. That is what my Mom did when I was a kid.
Think positively. Stressing yourself out can definitely cause a problem
Probably so but they'll remember it in the future and have fond memories.
It's okay, everyone makes mistakes sometimes. I hope the other driver is okay.
Oh no, I've been there done that too many times.
You won't believe how many times that has happened to me
i really like going once a month to buy something i really want helps with my anxiety
Aww that's so sad! But it's good to know she will be remembered
HAHA I see I see,  Thats good! I hope it goes well and you fall in love
I never got into the pokemon craze
I know right. Especially for women.
You will when the time is right and it'll be beautiful.
So true. Whenever it happens I just close my eyes and embrace it.
that does sound terrible
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to be rude. Hopefully his demise showed someone out there that drinking is bad and made them change their life.
Well it looks like you survived!
Don't give up. I know it can be discouraging when your trying so hard. But it will happen.
Im not sure if that's good or bad.
That is very unlikely. Thats what they say.
Well don't tell me what happens, I might just go watch it all now lol
i feel you , but you will find someone better and he downgraded lol
I'll have to check it out this weekend. Anything about the holocaust makes me cry.
That's so nice of you to help them out! I'm sure they're really thankful.
Call the police. I would. 
Yeah, It is!
Well I'm glad you found your friends, that's a terrible way to feel. I've been there before.
They probably deserve it but you know the old saying two wrongs don't make a right.
My daughter will be 14 this year. You just made me feel old lol
I'm the same way. I'll eat them in the car on the way home sometimes lol
I hope it was all worth it for this moment. Good job!
Well I'm sure they'll like that and I bet they're gonna miss you too.
Cool. I love italian. Real italian.
One day you'll be able to. Just keep your head up!
I wish I could do one
It makes me feel better knowing that they get such great care at St Jude's and the parents never get a bill though.
Well that was a good choice then! It will save you some money too i'm sure
It's hard to depend on it. Don't figure it into your billing. That way if he doesn't pay it can't hurt you.
You couldn;t stay at work until the next day. My job requires security to walk females out when its late.
LOLOL thats actually hilarious,  I guess thats why its ex now lol
OH. I get it. Thats good then
That will be great. Take lots of pictures, you will want to remember all of those memories you are going to make.
Yep. That always happens
I would try and just wear shorts!
Well thats cute
You and me both. 
I wish one day i could see it.
Haha! that is no good you must have gotten no sleep.
RC Cola lol. I havent had that is years
Maybe you should get married!
Well that terrible
Thats the way to go about it!
Call the police
She sounds like a keeper
Oh I see. Speeches always make me a bit nervous too... but once you start, it gets less worrisome I think.
oh my gosh,  kids refuse to sleep, i feel like i kind of do that as an adult too though
Food solves lots of things lol
I think they would make my life worth living.
Lol okay then!
I did not like college much
Ipack my kids luch
yeah i can relate to your anger i have kids myself and have expiriencee similar situation but after you will remmeber and laugh together
I know that feeling. Stressing doesnt make it any easier though
I stay far away!
Yes! cuddling is I feel an instinctual joy!
Yes, Im constantly thinking about whats in my food!
You'll improve what you need to I'm sure. At least the experience was worthwhile.
That would be amazing! You could skip alot of traffic
I can not even imagine how that would be.
yeah that's pretty scary and gross! 
Yes! I bet it was great, probably really nice weather. 
You can sue!
I would have left right now!
We can sleep when all of the movies come on together!
That's cool
Wow, he was high on alcohol! I hope he didnt hurt anybody.
i enjoy a little rain every once in a while, but i dont like thunderstorms either 
Do you believe in ghost? 
That is not good,  He need to learn he has to respect you.
Oh my god.  I hate when people are so careless.
If he won't stop you may need to take a picture of him doing it and then contact the authorities.
I couldn't agree more,  Sometimes It feels like I was a little kid just yesterday.
Exactly the same for me. Don't let it bother you too much.
That is good! just a reminder that you have a father that loves you.
I say just keep putting yourself out there, cant give up.
Oh cool, I hope it goes well!
wow thats crazy
I try to do that as often as I possibly can.
if he had other things to do it is ok, but i hate when people  cancel just beacuse they are sleeping haha
Maybe try a bar with food!
God is good to people.  He is always there for you.
I would have left the entire house!
Maybe go outside and try and eat dirt.
Really? Must be some bad peas.
That changes everyone's life.
The way you felt should be motivation to keep up the good work.
yea i know what you mean
that is a great plan!
That actually sounds super sad.
I mow lawns for a living, and it is so hot.
Like in Community! You'll have a great time and I'm sure everything will work out well.
I prefer New York style pizza.
well anyways it is really bad on their part that they did that
i  agrere
oh thats nice, wish i was doing something similar
I tend to get road rage and lay on my horn at times like those.
Good. I loved school too.
If i could make more money for less work i would any day.
wow thats young
Sounds like an interesting job. I hope you get that job that you're looking for.
Like the Boy Scouts - Always Be Prepared.
Ah I see. Must have slipped his mind while he was hard at work.
Yeah it is hard for some people to save money, for me it is kind of hard not to spend what i have
I'm more of a football fan!
That must of been embarrassing.
good thing it ended well
I'm sure he'll love that. It must be quite valuable.
That is actually nice, i like rock music.
I'm glad you got back in touch then. 
It sounds like an important film. I love watching documentaries.
Maybe she tried to bring some warm strings in relationship with you
I am in exactly the same boat. I'm still searching for a new job. It's tough. But stay positive - it might not happen!
lol
Wow! That'll be amazing!
That's a good way to be.
wow. i would also fee sad
That's excellent! I bet you two will have an amazing time!
Good - I'm sure he will be good for the business side of things.
My pleasure. It needs to be said. 
i live like 10 min away
I can't imagine that
Thanks again! 
ive always wanted to go on a cruise
You will be fine buddy. Type therapy for stoping cookie addiction on youtube, I am sure you will find something helpful there
im sure he will love it!!!1
Good point. But maybe, just maybe, it'll be brilliant.
It sounds like you are very content. That's great!
Good - it makes a big difference if you can enjoy your work.
ohhh..sounds super awkward
Yeah no problem.  Make sure to do a mock interview with a friend or family member to practice what you will say.
hahah...thats too funny
That's a funny image. 
They must have been delicious cookies!
wow! 17 catagories!! thatis a lot!
You should not tolerate that discrimination. I think you should complain to HR.
Maybe the baby is feeling you :) and knows that you two are related
Good work. Make some for me too!
Phew! That's a relief!
Does she know you are going to be better groomed though? Maybe she liked that shagginess!
I see, time to switch companies! 
I know. Maybe get a cab next time!
That is aggravating. You should tell him that you need to get a higher pay for your work!
That's cool. You live in teh future now.
I wish I could fidn someone like that
Oh, I guess you got a new boyfie. Chocolates are most often used to show love
I am sure he/she understood you were just nervous. You should make it up to them. 
yes, unfortunately it happens
ah well that would be a good reason then
So you must have prepared well for it. I hope you get the job!
thats cool
Then clarify this with any senior 
wow. for some candy? harsh 
Good idea. Check to see if there any groups on facebook of your interest.
I don't know if I could even eat a squid if it was fully cooked
you're the favorite 
Sorry to hear that. I hate when people do that and not even leave a note owning up.
I hope not. Try to have an enjoyable life regardless
ah yea i can only imagine
Wow I'm glad it wasn't something scary lol
Wow. Big step.
Everyone farts, man. It's ok.
im sure it wasnt as bad as you imagined it in your head unless other people watching the movie told you to hush
I know how you feel. You don't have to let go of them because the value you place on them can be carried forward for generations and that will make them priceless
I hope it goes well for you. Hard work tends to pay off!
Me too
that is always a great day!!!
That has happened to me before. So aggravating! 
im sorry to hear that ... hopefully he gets help to deal with issues
Nice. I suppose you get what you pay for.
Yes that's the spirit :)
It is always nice to have someone by your side when you need it
So sorry about that
I bet it did. I'm glad you were able to figure out what it was and hopefully you got some sleep afterwards.
So you just went back to sleep/
That's a good one
Than I think you have little to worry about.
Of course it was, but next time you'll handle it better.
Exactly! but its okay to cheat a little every now and then!
Wow I'm sorry you went through that. Not your fault, it happens
Government? No way, it is interested in quite the opposite my friend.
Nice, I wish I had a friend like that!
i would also feel lonely
that is too funny but I have done things like that before as well
Yes, this things happen, but as long as you find your dog after, it's alright.
Cool
You can ask your best friends if they have a spare before spending money on a new one though
she sounds like a great person
I have 2 daughters myself and hope that they get scholarships
Sorry to hear that. Unfortunately lottery winning is a very small probability. 
ah yea .. well thats a good reason
Oh, that is so annoying.
Try to promise yourself you'll never do that, it should help.
I'm so sorry to hear that, I hope you find it.
yea i can see that
oh, that is unfortunatae
Hang in there....and remember it's okay to express your feelings
I think it's so important to not let things like that bother us, I'm really pleased for you. 
You should go out for dinner and celebrate!
Why is that? May I ask.
I know how you feel, you don't have to sell it buddy
wow that's awesome! I am the same way. As soon as I hit "complete order", i am counting down the time
Maybe you could invite some of your friends over to ease your mind a bit.
Oh thank goodness it wasn't serious.
i hate seeing dogs alone in the streets
that stinks
Awww man!  You are lucky!  That sounds amazing!
At least they are making an album, that's cool.
Hopefully he opens his eyes soon and realizes what he is doing
I believe you will be fine
yea i can understand that
oh ok. it's good to catch up on old times with foreign friends
that's horrible
I bet he does! But it was just an accident so hopefully you can forgive him. 
Yeah, those cars are really pricey.
I am glad to hear that. I hate seeing animals suffer.
You should talk to him. I am sure he will pick up if you do.
Oh that must have been traumatic.
i hope so too!
hopefully you had insurance
That sounds like fun!
Same here... it really sucks
I hope your dog is found safe.
well at least you were unharmed!
Oh that must have been nice. It always cheers me up when my kids visit from college.
that is such sad news
That is so caring of you! Good on you for being a good Samaritan! 
I would be too. I want my paper on time!
I hope that never happens again.
wonder how it tastes 
Yeah, the woods can be scary at night.
I hope you enjoyed every minute of that. It sounds like a once in a life time experience.
That's when you know you had a good meal LOL
Oh thats a blessing. As long as the baby is asleep, all is good! 
That must be really annoying and scary.
this is true.
im sorry to hear that.
It's nice to work with people who care
I think you will be fine.
I hope you can propose marriage to her when you meet with her
Good to hear. But don't get too overconfident! 
I would be upset if that happened to me. I hope they let you off early next time.
oh thats good.. dang kid!
I hope you have a good time.
I would be too
Tell me about the fun things
Well at least you found out easily.
Yes, cats can be difficult to take care of.
I though you went earlier to impress a girl
I could imagine. Maybe I should drop some more hints.
He must have been very passionate about teaching his students.
Sucks how customers blame employees like it's their fault
Hopefully it wasn't something time important 
that's great, congratulations
thats good...they are usually ALWAYS in the last place you look.
You'd probably be having even more nightmares. I'm glad you're safe, though.
Cool! That sounds really special and personal. I'm sure they both will really enjoy that!
Yeah, maybe you should get her a gift of some sort.
I tend to like shorter shows that don't have these super long ongoing plots. So I do have a bit of interest but I'm not sure if it's really for e.
I would confront them about it to avoid it happening again
Well that does sound like a restful and relaxing weekend. I love traveling on my off time!
mine does the exact same thing! i hate it
Yeah that can be life changing money! Maybe next time!
Old houses are the best.
That must be so exciting!
I would have laughed lol
awww...still thats upsetting
haha silly cat!
I would just not do it again.
I think you should just continue talking over your neighbor. Maybe that will get your neighbor to stop.
I can see the why you would feel that way. I would be worried too.
That's awesome! Hard work always pays off!
So then just let the person know you can't make it. There's no reason to waste that person's time.
I hope he  or she rewarded you though
Wow, that is a sweet ride!
I hope they can fix your glasses.
i would have been too.. i love my cheese burgers
That is not good but my mistake happened.
It seems hard finding a good doctor these days.
That's good. I try to study well in advance. But I find it hard to actually motivate myself.
I'm glad you survived lol
I miss the old times.
i would be too
There's always scalpers outside of concert venues. That could probably work.
Yeah, I'm sure you were.
hahah...that is natural
That is very responsible of you.
ya it feels so weak to be in that place , but you should only give the strength required for your friend to overcome this situation
Oh wow that's tough. Hopefully they don't know it was you at least.
I understand. Probably, watching a new movie could be good idea.
I wish there is a way we can make people care more about the environment
It happens... but you never know their situation and sometimes people make bad financial decisions
I would have done that too.
It shouldn't have, maybe you need to call customer service and question them as to why.
I wish you had a higher self-esteem.
Congrats! That would be really stressful. I'm happy it all worked out for you.
always good to check if in doubt
wow they should care more that youre safe!
Yeah, that sounds very exciting.
Well you can use that feeling to make sure you don't do it again!
Well that is a good way to look at it.
Of course, we're not meant to lock ourselves away alone for our entire lives.
Then nothing to worry about.
Yes it is. Sometimes I wish you could just go back to that time.
I hope they catch the person and you get your laptop back.
That is insane.  Thank God there was someone there to intervene.
Ah, yeah my husband is the same way. He is very excited.
That's good to hear. It's all water under the bridge now, as they say.
Nice, I love those. I have seen a preview for a shark attack movie that is coming out. I think called Meg, I hope to see that sometime
I am glad you had such a good meal.
That is sad.  Liars and thieves are just the worst.
That is awesome that she didn't make a big scene of it!
I understand. It could be little bit scary at first but it is fun.
You could've always come on here and chat with other cool people like you :D
Oh, that will be so fun!
He must be very smart!
Sorry that you had a bad experience!
Yeah, that is going to be a lot of work, and hard to transport to your job.
OOO Kid Rock that's one of my friends favorites!
That does suck.  I work at Taco Bell making burritos.
Congrats you can smile freely now :)
There's nothing wrong with that and it's a shame people even question you about that.
I'm happy for you, I hope everything continues to work out!
how sad.  I am so sorry you had to deal with that.
Don't feel ashamed. You'll be able to laugh about it soon enough!
I'm glad to hear that no one in your house got hurt. Gang crime needs to be stopped!
Cliche as it is, time heals all wounds and whatnot. I hope you can find somebody just as great as him or learn to be content on your own!
You can always try to get a DNA test.
I hope they do and everything is ok
That is awful! Hopefully things work out for the better for you!
I am glad to hear you are okay.
I hope you have a successful semester!
Congratulations, I hope you get a raise.
That's a pretty substantial raise! 
thats true.
That's really nice of you. Catfish sure sounds good to me right now!
That sounds like so much fun, too bad those times had to ever end.
You must be very smart!
You're pretty lucky to have a boss like that haha
Yeah, delivery services have really fallen off.
There aren't many restaurants where I live. Only fast food.
What an excellent way to start school!
Oh. Maybe they should lower the fees or up the rewards
Oh. Well that's lovely.. I suppose. Lol. Maybe you should amend the movie night rules with a different theme every time so they are more constrained to what they have to choose from! Haha!
I see. I'm sorry you're having trouble with that. Have you thought about therapy? Maybe your health insurance will cover a free consultation or something. Or perhaps you just need a simple routine change, with some exercise and more time outside. I hope you find the answer, whatever it is.
I'm sorry you had to endure this.
I hope you guys are able to keep in touch. With that kind of experience, it sounds like it could be a good friend for life. As we get older, we let those kinds of people slip through our fingers. Try to maintain it as best you can.
That is too bad that you had to learn a lesson that way. I am sorry.
Agreed - it's very stressful.  I live half a country away from my parents, and I'm worried I won't be able to help when either of them need it.  
At least it sounds like you're giving it a lot of thought. You sound resilient. Most people would just quit or get fired, or not even realize the negative impact it's putting on their children. You seem very self-aware, so I'm sure you will be able to figure out the best decision for everyone involved. Good luck!
That stinks. I'm sorry about that
lol I hope your friend understood and they can still meet up or communicate and if things work out it's a funny to tell in the future. 
That sounds really cool. Have fun!
Is this a roommate situation or are we talking about kids? 
Yes it stinks when things just dont work out, but keep your head up, Im sure you will find someone you like that will be a big help to you!
That's funny - true.  Hopefully the good part outweighs that, though.  
Sounds like you all should stay away from bars lol. But if it keeps you acting good at home, then so be it. Your friend sounds like he needs a crack too
That sounds pretty healthy.  Have you always been this health conscious
I hope things go well for you too.
I prefer it over the winter if I have to make a choice
That's nice - it's nice that you have memories like that.  I only have a couple of items from my grandparents, and I treasure them. 
Might have to bring them to the park and tire them out. School should starting up soon.
Little surprises like that really bring a new meaning to life!
Yes! I get makeup I need more than half off on those places
Oh geez! Really, that is interesting, but why would they want too!
Dang whereabouts do you live man? I'm in South Texas sometimes cops are like that here too
That would be a lot to deal with. I hope things stay good for awhile.
That is AWFUL! My mom had that happen too- An old guy hit her atthe gas station and sped off! Seriously not fair!!
It must have hurt so much. 
Thats so sweet.  He is probably looking down happy you are wearing it!
Thats good, I just finished studying for a final, And I barely finished in time!
I understand. Maybe apply at a different bank this time.
Thankfully. Hearing your story, i am terrified now to even walk in my back yard anymore
Yeah, there should be, but often there is not really a good option for them.
Sometimes that's the best way to learn
well, expect my note too,though it would be a soft copy
I'm sure you'll meet some cool people if you find a good Pho restaurant!
What a random surprise. Just make sure its not some creepy stalker. 
I hope none of them found a way home with you.
Oh no!  I hope you're able to.  I know its hard for kids to look at the longer, bigger picture of life sometimes and just what he's going through now.  I took my GED early at 16 and graduated so maybe he wants to do that and start something else sooner.
That is true! But it's part of life, stuff happens. Not the worst!
I have a hard time with my anxiety sometimes and I will be alone a lot this weekend. I don't like free time, I like to stay busy so I don't think much.
Yeah, especially since customer service is usually where companies skimp and don't try to hire or train employees very well. Well, I hope it has a good resolution in the end and something works out in your favor. I'm a clean freak, so I'd hate to not be able to clean properly when I wanted or needed to.
Still doesn't make it okay. I hope he gets some therapy and learns to be a better dad
I bet.  I have never seen one up close so that turns my stomach too.  I can't stand seeing injured, hurt, or dead animals. Hope you're feeling better now.
Good I wish him all the best!
Yes you can lead a horse to water...but you know the rest
That is hard..I have been abused and burned...and sometimes you just can't go back..It's like the story of a the girl with the feather pillow..once you say something..you can't ever get it back and it's so hard to repair. Its hard to ever trust someone once they have broken it..I am there myself and don't know if I could ever trust or live with that person again. Life is hard but I am VERY glad you have learned and will treat others better
That's a really tough position to put yourself in. You would know better than most. I'm a cautious person.. if I felt like there was even a 50% chance of being able to find something close to decent, I'd turn them down. But if you think it's a desert out there and you can't find something to come close, it may be worth gritting your teeth and being there for a few years before you try to move on. I hope it works out!
I see. I would maybe only bring it up if she wants to discuss. It a hard position to be in.
Everything to me lol!  Sweet and sour chicken is the BEST
Hah I know how you feel I love to feed birds and watch them outside my house as well.
Actually they are, that is why so many die in captivity..They need proper lights and diet etc..I guess if you know how to take care of animals then no- but so many just don't care when they have a pet who relies on them
I wish you good luck.
Same here. The humidity is just the absolute worse. 
i had that nothing good come easily
That sounds fun! I'm glad youre more comfortable now.
Yes, I'm sure you'll be very nice to her.
I hope you can find the positive in the situation and move forward. Focus on yourself.
The Bahamas is beautiful. I am sure you will love it.
That is a great way to make the best out of the worst. Good for you.
I'm sure you'll get a good grade if you prepared well
complete family with so much talent
I would love to have that happen for me! You are lucky!
Are you a stylist? 
Congrats! That's awesome
you should be proud of them. Nothing like family
Well stick in there and you'll go far.
Excellent, hopefully you will share some of your wealth with me.
I wish her and you the most abundant blessings and wealth and success.
yah, safety first. 
wow quite a long time
That great. Im sure you are real proud of him.
It's cool, I got fired from my old job 5 months ago...only to upgrade to a self-employed lifestyle, making 2000 a week and hot chicks coming in and out of my apartment every night lol
just keep working, learning and trying new things, cant go wrong like that i think!
Well I hope you have fun and I hope she does well.
At least you made it through allright.
Well, I hope you can recover from that as time passes.
Absolutely! I would do anything for my kids too.
hahahahah, i like the suspense, she is good at giving surprises 
Maybe watch a comedy tonight. That might help out a little.
I love when they are young and it so fun to see what they learn and discover each day.  When they say enjoy every moment, they are so right!
Definitely, I wish them the best
I bet, kids need a lot of eyes on them, but its a catch-22 because you do not want to be too over protective
Oh wow, that will help you out immensely.
Yeah, I agree. we've have to drive carefully.
Maybe you will win something else!
Oh good.  Well, at least its a big deal to you because that means you're taking things seriously and concerned about your work.  
That sucks, if everyone pitched in to help it probably would've been cleaned up in record time.
Yes! Even $5 a week helps!
Good choice.  Can't mess with a brown recluse.
Very exciting. I hope you get it.
Enjoy yourself, if I may, refrain from recording it on your phone, just be in the moment!
That's amazing. You sound extremely confident!
Thats a fair punishment, they have to learn somehow
Take advantage and make a lot of memories with your family!
It will take time.  Allow yourself to grieve and also doing something to remember your pet can help give closure.  Take care and take a day at a time.
That's cool. I have worked in a hospital as a nurse before.
Awesome, I am sure you are proud of his individual effort.
That's great!  I would be pumped!
That is a shame, keep your head up and hopefully you can get into it next year.
That stinks, but I'm glad he's ok!  That must be the scariest thing!
Oh neat. I love those kinds of games.
Dog mostly, cat once or twice.  Possibly human, but I'd rather not think too hard on that.
Perfect!  Nothing better than being prepared and accomplishing something well!  Great job!
That sounds great. I hope it goes well!
Best part about it is you will never have to leave!
Sounds like you were prepared.  Did you get it dismissed? 
Ahh I see what you are saying. Maybe yall will get bonuses.
Just be confident in your ability!
Awesome!  I bet that's a really versatile degree, you should be really successful!
Hopefully you can pay him back in some way! 
Great, good luck to you!
Well, that's the best you can do, is teach them what's appropriate and what isn't.  I think you handled it well.
Just keep admiring your child.
I know I sure didn't in college.  Did you get a job in your desired field?  That's what really matters.
To clear your conscious 
sounds like fun to me! enjoy the time.
Good luck in the final stage.  I hope you get the job.
I understand that. They just give off such bad vibes.
Stay away from the windows just in case.
You still have her right there with you!  Its wonderful to know that you're keeping her food and memories so alive!
I wouldnt let it ruin a good time. Just dont mention it anymore maybe. Im sure you feel a little guilty.
Ohh wow! Well good luck and I hope you have a great time with your friends and school
Wow, I hope you guys get better if you already haven't.  That's really a bummer to miss out on a family vacation!
Awesome!  I know, isn't that crazy how much repairs can cost?  Its ridiculous.  Well, happy travels!
Congratulations! I hope you have something fun planned to celebrate.
The sounds very interesting, I am sure you could find others like it as well
but it was an accident on your part so dont feel so bad about it
Eww. Im sorry about that. That would have ruined my lunch quickly
Well that's always a plus. Having a good relationship with the company or someone at the company can go a long way.
He really should.  Some of those folks make really good money just to eat a lot.  Pretty sweet gig! hahaha.
Wow that's expensive! I hope you can find a reasonable used car.
It's always nice to get lost in a good book.  One of my favorite hobbies.
That's awesome!  You are talented! Maybe it'll go for another year so you can save.
I think those types of situations are rather rare! The medical field has come a very long way. I'm sure you'll be fine and it'll all be worth it in the end.
im sorry, im sure it wasnt your fault
That's neat! I learned in college so I've had time to delve into it quite a bit and it is very fun. You choose great!
I'm sure she'll learn quickly, and she'll be a good dog then!
That's true, it's like a whole different world when you are inside the park! Very magical.
Wow! Well I hope you enjoy yourself and pray before you go on the plane
Stay strong! Hopefully in the future she can have a healthy baby and be able to move on from this tragedy.
Wow, you're on top of things! Being apart does make the heart grow fonder. :) Make (or carry out) her a romantic dinner when she gets back. Go out with a friend while she's gone!
Well that stinks. That happens though. Sometimes you do something right and it doesn't show the same result as its supposed to 
I am sorry. You should get some sleep now then
That's really amazing. How generous.
I hear if you sprinkle red pepper all over your trash area it can help ward off some animals.
It is a hard balance because they need to learn and it should make you mad, but people do make mistakes.  So hard to know how to act really but things are too expensive to not treat them well.  I hope you're able to find an easier way to fix it.
Nice. That's a good way to do it.
That sounds fun, hope you guys drive safe and have fun!
I dont blame you. I am looking forward to seeing it now
Great job! I bet the boss was really proud of you
What a perfect way to end the day!  I'm going to make a big chinese stir fry and watch tv.  Have a great night!
I think thats a good idea. Look at it as an opportunity to make new friends.
That's awesome, hope you both have fun.
Ouch, that always hurts.  I've been through that, and know that sting.  Hope you find a better partner who cares for you!
Wow, you must be very financially responsible! I'm sure that'll help you do well in life. I'm practicing myself.
That's all you need.
well ,you need to consider the option of him not repaying too
Thats good to hear, always nice to see friends from your past!
he must be a great achiever
That's the mindset you need, good luck, I'm sure you will get A's!
Yay! That's what makes all the hard work worth it. Congratulations! 
That's awesome to hear! We only get one body, we need to take care of it. Good luck!
I wouldn't change it for the world
I have a lot of student loan debt as well, I just focus on making sure I pay monthly.  I try not to think of how much I owe
you need my friend,its just like a success spell
Wow!  That's horrible!  Don't feel bad though.  She is obviously just a gold digger.  You most likely just dodged a bullet!
I think that can affect even the best of us, I wouldn't let it get you down.
haha, yea thats a good way to look at it.  I never thought of it like that
It is never too late!  You can always adopt!
haha. it's alot of work but it's rewarding
that can be so traumatizing. i'm so sorry.
Haha, yea thats how I feel about my In laws.  Im glad they are a 4 hour plane ride away
That does sound like a lot of fun.  I miss hanging out with all of my firends
Yes my friend experienced the same thing recently. It is a terrible thing especially when they make you pay to repair it.
Yeah, I have heard some people have that! Sometimes after just reading a bunch of information just once can remember every single word!
Ooo!  Yuck!  I hope you don't get nightmares from it!
My thoughts and prayers are with you guys.  I hope you succeed.  Make sure you keep practicing
I guess it was a lifetime opportunity too. I'm sure it was an amazing experience!
That does sound hard
Ive actually called the police during a situation like that.  I was worried someone was going to get killed
I know that feeling, I have a brother I don't see as much as I used to.
That was very nice of you
its great that you were able to go visit
well stay inside and stay dry
That sucks. I've also been through that. Among other benefit cuts.
Ah too bad you're married.    Pro's and con's
I wish people could be more considerate on the road. Its so annoying.
Goodness, it was a good thing you were right there and able to usher them inside so quickly.  I can't imagine the results had you not been able to get to them quick enough!
it get so bad i get severe anxiety
Oh wow it sounds like he is doing great, I hope he feels better soon!
I feel for you and hope you have a way to manage it 
That's a great way to look at it- take advantage of their investment for now- and then later you can have your own pool!
I hope you many more years of happy marriage!
Hopefully they can work it out
Its nice to get a good sweat
Don't be too angry.  They might just have been swamped with prescriptions to fill.
I am sure you will be safe
I am glad you got the help you needed, and I hope you get better soon.
i bet. dogs are amazing. we have a big ole mutt who is 75 lbs of lap dog love
It gives you something to work for
Yeah, you can't always help everybody and everything though.
I hope it helps!
I would hate working there
sometimes on my way to work i find deer, skunk, cats, misc other dead animals and it makes me so sad
Well that is what makes life fun
That's a true blessing. I am very happy for you!
That sounds like a heck of a trip!
That's really to bad.  I hope the medicine works well and you are back to normal very soon!
i love my slow country life
Ha, well I still feel bad about it, I promise
I am glad it was easy for you
Hopefully your mom hasn't passed away, and you just haven't visited her in a while.
That must be frustrating, but it really sounds like your trying to look at it in a positive light and that always makes things a little easier!
Well at least it wasn't too bad...even if it was a little embarrassing.
I hope you have fun
I definitely need to. Hope you can also continue to enjoy relaxing time.
I am sorry
Pictures are nice to have to be able to look back on life.
Screaming is never good
I read it today, he is a different kind of guy for sure
That is phenomenal!  In hard times it is easy to distace ourselves from God, but I believe it is important to press in and cast our cares on Him.
I think that's a good decision by your and your wife. And I think your wife's grandmother is going to recover well.
I am a saints fan though ha
It happens sometimes...I get fired up watching the Lakers play lol.
Yes, and I know there are still some fans around now too. Of course, they are more popular ones.
That does not sound fun at all
I get that, here is to hoping it shows up soon!
That's unfortunate. I have missed them before too and I hate when that happens.
I bet that was a huge relief.
Yeah, I do agree. Sometimes it seems like people are just plain blessed.
I get that, but things are still better for those around you, so it feels bad still
Hiking and kayaking? Wow! Better pack some trail mix.
You just need to make a plan for yourself
Yes, not only a waste of your time, but the money. No doubt, very frustrating, and I'm sure you wanted to teach the dog a lesson 
That is a true friend that's worth having for a lifetime if possible. I am happy for you.
You will have time again
Good luck!
ah it happens lol
I can see why you miss it, as I actually live in New Orleans currently.
Being busy always helps things
Sounds pretty interesting. I hope everything goes well for you.
That's inspirational at least. I'm sure we can all do better at saving.
Oh that sounds pretty nice
Hey, no problem. Just gotta lift heavier next time haha
Oh well, you will find someone else
That is really good. I am happy to hear that.
Its nice to have help
Ugh, I hate when traffic is like that!  We live near Atlanta and it's always so bad.
They do, just make sure to cherish it
Well you can with the next job
Well, I hope you feel better and get some rest. Maybe next weekend will be better for you.
I hope you do well
Sounds like you've got a good brother.
Luck has nothing to do with usually
I guess nowadays with how everything is going, it just feels like rush, rush, rush. Gotta sink or swim
That's good to have.
Oh wow, it had a good life I am sure
Oh my lord, I am glad you are okay
It just gave me a positive feeling really
I guess just make sure not to push it, there is a fine line between confidence and pride.
I guess that is a no
Start hanging out with friends and enjoy life.
Oh, that's lame. He should have checked for you.
You shouldnt, its nice to have some candy every once and awhile
Good choice.
Well, it's nice that you are happy for him as well. I'm sure he can find many uses for the extra money.
Are you going to see her again? 
Maybe the bank's fault? Oh well, at least it came in! Better late than never.
I hope it goes well
Wow, that first-time fire extinguisher purchase and replacement of the fire alarm batteries was definitely a blessing.
That is very true
Well, I hope you guys have a good time
Oh yeah, I forgot about that ha
Well I hope you can get it fixed soon! Still more hot days to come yet.
That does sound fun
Good, friends are worth trying repeatedly for.
I can't afford it, but maybe he'll give it to me for Christmas.
What traits do you have that make you think you're qualified for the job
I will have to start doing that
Its nice to have people there for you always
Might have to sleep with the lights on next time it happens. Haha
That's not fun, but maybe it was for the best.
I am sorry that happened to you
That's cool! It's always good to have a hobby
That is never fun, I always return the favor
I won't either haha just not my thing! 
Well, even if she doesn't you could always be straight-forward with her and just ask her if she's not into you then let you know so you can move on.
Its good to have faith
Ok, the most important thing is that you have a source that pays for the bills
I hope you have fun then
Drink a few beers and have a hotdog for me. Should be fun.
I'm a Patriots fan 
Oh, that might be the issue
That doesnt make sense, oh well
That's good to hear. I'm sure you miss her a lot.
Thats a cool name
Nice! I hope they do well!
That is great.  Having a great family network makes life so much better.
Good, I am glad there is still true love out there!
Never good, makes them look bad to the customers
Too much as well
That should be a fun time, hope you stay safe!
Do you think they win it all again this year
Oh man thats crazy, ACL injuries are hard to recover from! Hope the Eagles win tonight!
Yes! I was astounded how good it looks, didn't expect it to be like that!
I have had one too, its not a good thing
The worst is seeing something that looks like one of your pets too. Always fear for a break out at home 
Those games do seem fun
Good, best of luck with that, you deserve it!
That is very true
I understand
I am looking at Ford Fiesta, it is a bit cheaper and runs smoothly
it is really good, they fixed alot of things from last year to make it awesome
Well now you know
Yes, Sounds like you deserve one! Keep working hard and show them you earned it.
Oh wow, I'm sorry to hear that! I hope things start looking better for you. Can you file for disability or social security? 
It takes me almost an hour to get home through traffic.
Oh no, that is a mean thing to do
I do hope it stays that way for you
Oh, well your body comes first, health over improvement
nice! my wife and i have have been together 9!
Maybe go to HR I had to do that for my raise and they spoke to my supervisor and he agreed.
Sounds like you deserve it then
Yes, sometimes they won't accept when I offer them food. They just want money to buy beer. It is very sad!
That is very scary
oh cool. It always feels nice and relaxing, being with your friends.
That is probably best
Anyway, now, it is summer. There is less rainy days.
Oh wow that is old, glad it still runs!
Well, I meant privately.
Nice! I hope you feel better!
Same sometimes, But I enjoy the freedom and indepence of being an adult.
You said they didn't have a direct in a while do you mean like a direct game come out im no game wiz for the new age lol.
Oh, I am very sorry to hear that, I hope you feel okay now
I played a lot of video games when I was kid. I liked that so much.
That is very wise thinking
Oh cool. I like comics, but I'm not really a fan of Batman or Justice League.
I am sure there are some things you are more gifted at as well.
Yeah exactly, I think back on those days very fondly
I don't know much about video games but remember playing Mario and games on a Nintendo 64.
You will be fine. Do your best the next time!
I know it may be hard but they are always close to you when thinking of them through your memories and the good times.
There's way too many Pokemon these days
I guess you have to do what you have to do
That is good for him. You can still visit him.
That's great! I am happy for you. I wish I have a new car!
Good, I have never been to one at all!
Sounds fun, what kind of beer do you like? 
Oh, sorry to hear that!
They have no been for sure
thank you! I hope you will have a great rest of your night
That's amazing. I can see why you are proud! 
I'm sure it'll all go very well.
I understand. Sometimes I fix also myself my car to save some money.
i know. i don't kiss any animals, no matter how much i love my pets i won't kiss them
Well you made it through, glad you went to make sure you are healthy!
Awesome, congrats on the new couch!
Oh man, I bet that was nice at the time
It comes out in December right? It would make a good holiday present!
Yeah, I guess you will have to budget next time
Football season is always a lot of fun.
I feel the same, I have high standards for my food and what I pay for
What kind of cake
Keep up the good work and it'll pay off!
I love those! Especially when they make a mountain out of onions lol
hahahaha maybe they are thanking you
What does he do for work? Bonuses are always nice.
I can understand that, you cannot be a doormat though ever
I am very jealous
well i hope everything goes very well for you
Be carreful, he is still very young. He can easily do stupid things.
I guess you get no apology of course.
I shall! I already like the name.
Good for her! I wish i didn't have to work :)
hahaha you know your relationship is alright, if your wife isn't afraid to tease ya.
man i LOVE shrimp!
my family is very supportive as well. we are so blessed :)
Yes, they are such a nuisance! Bring some bug spray for sure. And watch out for food hunting critters!
I still have quite a few student loans to pay.
I feel you on that! I need to have a clean space!
I'm happy for you!
thats awesome .. wish i could go too :)
Oh I understand that. I'm surprised they didn't offer faster shipping for ya.
I heard about that, sounds like a good plan
we do! I will definitely go there tomorrow. hopefully our giant has the same deal lol
sounds like a great plan
Aw they must be having fun with grandma.
That is sad.
Jesus. Guess you gotta let it go.
oh thats awesome of them to do that
That sounds like a nice relaxing was to spend your day. I hope you enjoy it!
that sounds good
Lol i hate moments like this! I would never be able to talk to that friend again lol
I'm the same way. The wanting never ends really.
I hope you find him.
ah i bet it is.
I'm sorry to hear that. It's very expensive to fix teeth in the US :(
That sounds dangerous! Glad you are okay though.
I perfectly understand. I would have do the same.
That sounds like a really great kid, your doing a fantastic job!!
oh .. well at least he is doing something good for himself!
oh man, it would be nice if you could go with her
I' m not sure what game you're talking about. i'm a nerd and not into sports lol
cool, hopefully she does and yall have fun
There's got to be something that can be done but being international I'm not sure what. All I can say is sorry
That's really sweet of you. It's amazing how the simplest things can bring back memories of loved ones.
I feel ya. It's important to have honesty in the relationship.
Good luck.
you gotta worry about #1
i know but it's so nice they agreed to reschedule instead of just hanging out without you
whats the plan to take care of this issue
Oh ok. That might be out of the question there.
That actually sounds nice though lol.
Yeah, thats was my biggest pet peeve. No more clogged drains, dirty dishes or anything but my own!
Did he ever come back? That sucks
that stinks
I am sure it looks fabulous.
You can try again then! It'll be worth the wait.
thats cool
thats terrible, people these days are ruthless
I am excited for you, it's unbelievably beautiful!
yea once it doesnt work anymore he will stop doing it
my daughter started today. she was so excited 
You should let them know it has not gone unnoticed! 
That's hard, but at least you know now and can perhaps move on.
I'm sure it won't happen again.
I understand. I have sometimes the same feeling.
I hate the Warriors!
oh yea so am i.
Figures. I don't know why people are so considerate when it comes to parking.
thats good of you
ahh thats not good! hopefully it works out for you
It takes time and being entertaining. Thats interesting. It's a social media age :)
that is the best part
They sell them in mild too!
Nice. Have fun.
yes. I cant even drive over a bridge
I hope it turns out ok.
That is a great friend as well. I hope you all have a long lasting relationship
Sounds like you are stuck between a rock and a hard place! I hope you get it sorted out swiftly!
How can people do that!  Its awful.  I think you can use those suction things to get dents out pretty well.  Sorry that happened to you.
Sounds like some good stuff
I love when that happens!  Good, its about time you got it.  I hope you enjoy whatever you're doing with the time off!
time to slash some tires
I need to do the same
That's understandable, I'd send it back as well
I don't have any either so I feel your pain.
thats cool
Enjoy it while it's still here.
lol, Yes and also you should have something like that for emergencies, or the apocolypse!
Awww.. I hope you find him.. he is playing video games and being super lazy
OHH! That would be wonderful! Sleeping in is the best when you can do it!
that was a good move
ah 
I feel for parents whose kids dont start until september lol
I had a similar problem where my car overheated in the middle of nowhere.. so you never know.. anything can happen
Who knows, maybe you'll win
thats a good plan
i hope you have fun!
That would be great! So many towns also have some great food banks too! We should always help eachother out
Well, that's really great of you to be the bigger person in such a situation.
i think its going to continue to get worse before it gets better
we're all forgetful sometimes.  I bet there were plenty of people who didnt have paperwork
That sucks. I hope we never sell my grandmas home. Too many memories
yea thats a lot of places now.. 
oh yeah thats always sketchy
I hope everything is OK. You should probably go hide in the closet!
that sounds like a good plan
Mmm, I love lasagna. Wish I could have come too.
Yeah I don't know how our parents did it
I wish I could go and chillax anywhere
sucks
I failed a huge test last week.. for my English 6-12 certification
Yeah, It is a proud moment.
i would have been upset for both reasons. especially after just having it cleaned
Always gotta have a spare
yea thats understandable
Don't club any seals :)
I totally feel. Gotta hate those jerks that are always cutting people off!
lol. Well I hope you had a car? Also I hope you got better friends
yea that part sucks
I don't know if that's good or not lol
at least they didnt get you then!
That is the worst, I hate that.
I'm sorry that happened. You deserve better friends than them anyway.
That's great that you got it repaired. Else your house would've been a sauna.
yeah.it needs more exposure
Well at least you didn't have to walk out without paying. Good decision.
Awwww, that's terrible. I hope you find him!
I hope everything works out for you.
I think you need to go and talk to someone, your pastor may be the best place to start.
Those are NOT friends
I'm not sure, but I'm not liking where society is heading these days.
teach him a lesson!
I hate when that happens... so many channels, nothing to watch
That sounds fun
That's a smart kid!
grab your gun and take names.
What a jerk. I would take it to Judge Judy.
IT's nice remembering the good times
Well, I suppose it'll be a different experience. I am sure you'll meet a bunch of new cool people.
I think I need to go there, everyone seems to love it.
That is such a terrible story.
True. Kids always get up to no good at night!
MAybe she is sick
That is true. It is always better to be safe than sorry.
was it good? ive been wanting to check it out
Ew no way! Lol
Sounds like the ultimate plan to me. I think I will do the same.
Whoa that is not cool. I would be so ticked off.
You should inform the local police, they will definately pick that person up!
That's good.  Your dog will learn.
Yeah, they aren't too hard to put together. They're really fun too!
Perhaps she had an upset tummy or something.  Sometimes with dogs it's hard to tell.
Aw, that's sounds like so much fun! You sound like awesome parents :)
I am so jealous!
Get a prosthetic. I cant spell
I am sure you did, but at least you don't look crazy every day like I do.
Well sometimes men tend to get lost in their video game world
Oh well in that case, I'm sure you'll get it! He must have confidence in you too.
Just stay positive and everything will work out.
I am sure you did fine on it. And besides, if you did poorly, there is always the good ole local McDonalds.
I know that feeling, kinda sick to your stomach can't get it out of your head kinda thing.  We all have to have a method to overcome it and move on.
Oh god, that is horrifying! I would've wanted to hide under a rock too!
They can be rambunctious, mine drive me up the wall sometimes.
Im sorry. It will happen til someone else soon enough
I saw that movie too! One of the scariest I have ever seen.
Absolutely, that's the spirit!
Why is that? The military isn't so bad. The pay is really nice if you stick around for a bit.
I am confident you will do well!
Oh yes, definitely. It's OTHER drivers you have to watch out for. People halfway pay attention to what they're doing on the road!
And that's all we really can do honestly, if more people did that this world would be a better place all around.
They can make their own pies
Well kids do need to eat. They grow up so quickly.
Poor frog. May it rest in peace. I will pray for it tonight.
You have a great family!
Well, if you've ever seen Friends, Rachel makes a trifle with whipped cream, bananas, jam, and ground beef and peas!!
That is such a heartwarming story!
Well that is a great attitude, I bet you will do amazing!!
Wow, that would make me mad too. What a devious scamp!
I am glad to hear he is doing better. 
Money is always good, and you will be near your son hopefully he does not find it embarrassing , u know how kids are    
Well maybe they should think about emigrating south. I heard the charter schools there are subpar.
Maybe you should see a counselor. Or just get out of the relationship.
I can't find words to describe my laughter right now. You are the best
That is such a bold move to make.  Congratulations!
I bet it will be great - I've always loved a good tuna casserole!
You deserve a purple heart for the bravery you showed today.
You must be so proud of her
What a crazy night! I bet you didn't get much sleep.
I'm sure she will grow out of it.
I would hope so. That was a very generous gesture on your part.
That's good. It's nice when everything turns out great in the end.
Cool.
Oh wow! I bet you'll have that $99 in no time so you can buy another! Good job!
Yeah! Get even and slap that jerk in the face with the shoes she bought!
That's bad, but really good that he is fine! I am very glad for both you and him.
Yeah, I certainly do not envy the person that has to clean those things up!  
i have two girls and a boy
I had the same problem.
That's good. I am sure he will turn out happy and healthy!
Don't worry. You can do well. Hope you score well.
Well I am so glad it turned out okay! Especially since your daughter is healthy and kicking. Congrats :)
OOOO I love gifts!!!  I know it's never "about the gift" but ok, it is SO nice to get presents!!
That's OK. Everyone makes mistakes, just study hard and don't do it again in the future.
thats awesome! i need some of that luck
Yes, but for Xbox one.
That's happened to me before... not fun
That sounds like fun! Beach days are the best days!
Awww, that's so sweet. I remember when my little girl was taking tap dance classes. So precious!
I hope it gets potty trained.
I would be too. That's a nice car!
That sounds wonderful. I'm happy for you and your new daughter!
Yeah it sounds like she did take advantage. That's a cruel thing to do.
6?? How is that EXTRA?  12 - that would be extra - crazy!!!
I will try that when the weather is cooler
Oh, well hopefully that works. Wouldn't want you up all night!
That is a great thing. I wish I had a girlfriend like that.
That's a good idea. Or I would adopt one. I adopted two from PetsMart and it only cost me 15 bucks!
I hope they treat you better in the future.
Well that's a relief! Wouldn't want the IRS to seize your house!
I can understand that!  It's crazy how scary things can be out there now -and the news does not help at all!  But I'm glad you are safe!!
Oh no! I'm glad she was okay!
Good. I hope you enjoy the game and play well.
Poor parrot
Gotta put up with some discomfort to make dat bank.
I used to believe they were in my closet too
Yeah, I guess it is kinda jerkish of them. I would give the ole copparoos a call so you can get some sleep.
I hope it gets resolved.
wow, you
oh i know the feeling. its good they are down to earth though
People do not seem to have much of it these days unfortunately.  I promise if you ever let me out, I'll wave.
It's good you studied!
I am so excited for you!
its really stinky i have smelled it before 
Well that's what he gets for pooping on the rug! He knew better!
That sound so relaxing. I wish I had parents to do that with.
thats embarrassing! gotta love pets
See, you know what's up! I need you to hang out with my husband so it'll rub off on him!
Almost makes me want to become the next Steve Irwin. I'd be better than him because there ain't no way that I would let a stupid stingray end my life!
I am sorry about your situation.
Yeah, she sounds terrible.
Well, like I said, you couldn't be sure that she would use it in a good way.  She could have bought alcohol, etc.. with it.  What I usually do is if they are asking for money for food, I will go and buy them a meal or go get them some groceries that aren't perishable.
Oh I'm sorry to hear that
You got this homie! I bet you're gonna get an A!
Well, I am sure he can tell you're sorry by your actions. Doggies are smart like that!
Ah man, I built my own computer about a year ago...it had like 10 important, expensive parts, and I had to wait for them all!
If you have a tracking number you should be okay.
Exactly. I still have hope for a new generation of nice guys to come along one day.
oh man i am sorry to hear that! hopefully you find him!
free money is always great!
Well, I hope it doesn't happen again. And I hope you find out who did it and give them an earful!
That will be quite an adventure!
That would boil my blood. You just gotta smack him upside the head!
Those dastardly kids! I hope she grows out of it eventually.
Oh no!  I hope it wasn't too embarrasing!
dang im 31 i wish u the best 
I bet you'll have a great time
That's wonderful! I'm sure you are an excellent candidate!
Those easy semesters help when you know you've got some harder ones on the horizon.  Good Luck!
how did your daughter take it
It is. Mine are all grown now and it's like they grow up right before your eyes in a blink.
Well at least it wasnt all for nothing
You should hire someone to do that.
It's cool that you experienced that. I love going to the movies!
At least the cat lived a good life by your side
people are just like that. our childhood is gone and we have to fend for ourselves now
They sound really scary, I hope I never see one!
maybe i will be a zombie!
Well a happy healthy baby is the best kind
I'm #teamjonsnow til the bitter end!
That's so good to hear! I am actually adopted myself, and I love my family so much.
Maybe you should watch some Netflix.
Well, if you know he's not the one, it's better to do it now than years from now.
sounds awful
I do not watch a lot of TV.
thats too far away
Well that's a relief. It actually sounds fairly amusing!
At least you stopped it at $100.  I've heard of others that have lost thousands until the bank could recover it for them.
They will promote you someday, don't give up.
That's too bad. I hope things turn around for you soon.
well, as long as you're happy
tell me about it
That is so sweet.
I am shocked either way.
now that summer break is over, every week will be like that for me
Ah, that is different. I can't remember a time in school that I didn't have a backpack on me.
I am sure it was excellent and not raw!
i had one parent like that
Yes and now you can cook without germs.
I hope you would be able to find a new one as a replacement for your favorite dining place
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
What a wacko! I hope she grew out of it.
that seems like a long time
I always get a bean burrito.
I wish you the best of luck!
That's nice but I wonder if it was expensive.  My daughter is one of these millennials that opt for a live-in partner. 
Too bad we couldn't use a time machine.
Same here. It's better in the long run if you don't I believe.
I hope you had fun at least.
Hey call of duty bets starts tomorrow for xbox
Thats fair. Maybe some acting classes would help you loosen up.
I do not drink alcohol at all.
Ive vream works wonders
I'm sorry to hear that.
I would feel the same way. I hope it gets taken care of.
I love Super Mario.
Oh no that's horrible. I bet that was a scary experience.
aha, let them have fun
That is coming up soon!
Well be gentle but firm. Too much and you will scare her more then likely. 
No, you will never be alone.
Ah yes I have, but it has been a while. 
Confidence is the golden key to success.
Yeah  guess thats true,  But im always running out of socks.
that is such a bomber, i can relate to thinking you are right but then turning out top be wrong
I love Denver, I go every summer.
Good, Did he actually come back with it though.
That is amazing, I truly hope that happens.  you deserve it.
Yeah, It's better to ignore.
I am so sorry to hear that. I hope he gets better!
I cant lie, I have done worse before.
Amazing, He will pull through with the right amount of support.
i can understand my work does not allow me to do much as well
Thats amazing, you are probably the best teacher she could have asked for.
Yes! I think she is coming to my city soon!
That's a good strategy always when dealing with wives I think.
Bluetooth speakers are actually one of my favorite inventions.
That is so terrible! was this recent? if you dont mind me asking
Congratulations! Sounds like your hard work really paid off!
I mean, sometimes you have to do what you have to do.
That is terrible, Yard work is mild torture.
Thats amazing, getting a new car can change your life!
but still if she is only using you i dont think she is some one you need to be around just saying
Why not!?! americas team!
Hahaha! me too! i cant even trust an alarm.
I'm so sorry to hear that! I hope you two can work it out.
Good for you buddy!
Have you ever thought he's chirping because he doesn't want to be caged up? Maybe she wants to be out with you. 
No I dont I really want to one day, I think i would be good at it.
Yes that's the most important part. You were lucky!
Thats amazing! I would feel so loved if someone did that for me, I never get attention like that.
I've never been to Mexico. Have fun
yes. i have found that if you just play it cool, things will happen as they should. still sucks when it doesnt though
LOL I honestly would have been screaming 
You can have someone watch with you next time
That's great that you are learning a martial art and blowing off steam at the same time!
Yes, I can only imagine! Thank goodness he wasn't and that he will be ok!
I knew it. Nasty. lol. It's happened to me too
yah, truly hard work pays
I'm sure you'll get in
You are the only one who know answer to that.
wow! it happens. i have heard it before
I bet you were very angry with them over this.
That's great that you can celebrate her success so wholeheartedly! You are a good sibling.
Perhaps it's deer? That's what it's been in my experience.
lol. Well perhaps you got away with it this time
that is the point! haha
I see. Maybe having some private time will be a benefit if you look on the brighter side of it.
If you have a favorite team, I hope they have a good season! 
They say problems shared is halved solved. I wish you the very best. Remember never give up in life.
i hope you get the job!
I'd get some spray or a flyswatter and prepare for battle.
I love parties
it wasn't intentional ....still a horrible feeling
I agree, you have done the right thing. I hope you find someone alot better than her.
What an unexpected treat! I bet it really made your day!
You and me both! Nothing wrong with making some more bread!
Not just working for yourself, but helping others too. Good on you!
It's good to have a fixed address too for mail etc. Well done - I'm proud of you.
hahah.. sounds bad
Its always a good idea to enjoy the outdoors. So have fun!
It's good idea. Take care both of you!
i love those type of jobs
Maybe it's Karma - you deserved free soda
That is wonderful! Y'all should build a fire and roast some marshmallows! My family would always do that while singing songs. 
Either of those choices sounds good. Enjoy the fruits of your labor!
i dont blame you.i also feel like telling them something. but i hold my tongue
good luck with that! 
I stay optimistic. You seem motivated or excited for some reason.
Cheers from across the pond! It truly is a magical place.
Sounds fun, I love sushi.
that sounds really good
I bet you were excited to find out!
Sounds like you are going to have a stake out. Good luck!
Well done!
you must be really excited
Good. A haircut always makes me feel more confident
Nice, you should just snuggle in and binge your favorite tv shows.
Yeah I hope everything turned out ok. That's worrisome to me. 
Maybe you need to do the same to get even with her
Ugh I dislike parents who are so irresponsible with their kids in public
I'm sure that will help. I have confidence in you.
oh that sounds nice
Yeah - that can be frightening
Wow. You need to go see the doctor to help you get some rest. I bet your exhausted. 
thats a good plan
Cool. I might do that too
oh thats crazy
i can see that!
You should take care of the pet more often in the future.
Good, I hope you land one soon!
No wonder
am happy you did
I hope so!
Sounds good, today I'll be watching my favorite team play. I am also anticipating the match.
Its okay, you should treat yourself every now and then!
Soon you'll remember all the mess he made or food he ate and be a little bit glad :-)
I agree. Im sorry for that. I hope they didnt get you too sad. Maybe they thought it wsa theirs for some reason
You can always call an exterminator. They should be able to take care of it.
I hope so - good luck
ah i hope it goes well!
Wow I would be upset too if I were you.
Cool. That sounds exciting. I hope they do well this year!
Neither am I. Well done! Remember your friends (like me)
i can understand that
I see, you should try yoga to relieve the stress. 
I'm sure it is. Maybe I'll visit too
Hey, if you're passionate about it, then go for it!
Understandable, that's very unfortunate hopefully they will disappear from your home 
That's cool. Good luck with your ticket!
oh yea that was creepy
I'm sure it's not as bad as you think
I suppose there has to be a balance of both. To enjoy solitude and the company of others.
Well done to her. I  hope she enjoys the reward
thats cool
Sounds very exquisite. You must have cared for it well.
That's probably the best solution to the problem.
Good job! It must have been stressful.
Nice, be sure to shave and be confident!
True
Good, you must have prepared well for it.
Phew!
Oh, it's good that you take care of them.
well that stinks for you but good for him
im very proud of you and the hard work you put in
Usually if you feel that way it is. Try to research alternate cures that actually will work better.
So am I, I would have freaked out if I saw it my bedroom.
But you survived.
I'm not sure. I think it depends on the dates you want
I just Googled it. It does seem beautiful online. Maybe that could be next year's trip!
as you should 
Hm, I hope its not too costly to fixed!
Oh, wow. I can't believe your friend did that to you. 
Ha! Just next time, make sure you close all the windows before going to bed!
As King Solomon in the bible would say "This will pass"
thats cool
Well hopefully you'll be able to get the puppy trained pretty soon.
that type of news makes me really happy
I'm sue she'll get over it. Your wife wouldn't.
Amazing.
I am sorry to hear that. Luckily you can always call them.
Oh  dear.
cool
Don't be too hard on yourself. Everyone makes mistakes.
You should not rely on her next  time. She seems unreliable! 
Well its a nice shock! I wish someone would give me a surprise for once!
I can understand the feeling. But being single is great that you don't have to constantly worry about someone else.
ohhh...fancy i dont blame you then. i would have eaten them all too
Really? That would be pretty fun. I've never heard about my high school having a reunion.
That's awful. I'm sorry that happened to you. Maybe karma will come around on your boss.
That sounds delicious! I wish someone would send me a package like that.
Definitely. And it never rains in Southern CAlifornia.
I see, I feel like that sometimes too when my kids leave for college. 
probably did the wrong thing.. up to no good.
Great - I'm glad
Oh that sounds like fun!
i can relate to that. all that matters is you passed
Yes, its good to be prepared. I'm sure when you do get one, he will become a part of the family.
Guess you won't be hungry for while
Phew!
i hope all goes well
Oh that's horrible. You can always watch a movie or something indoors.
hard work pays off 
Sounds like fun! I'd love to be able to do that. But I get to work all weekend.
those medical bills do add up. i wish we didnt have to pay so much to keep ourselves healthy
It will be fine. Switching jobs can be scary at first sometimes
As it should, but a bad grade is not the end of the world.
Oh I can understand the feeling. You should take some time for yourself before you try to do much else.
Good.
Good. They don't deserve your business. You should report it to the department of health too.
have fun!
Oh that sucks. You might be able to get the scurity camera footage.
Maybe you can experiment with other women with your wife? Could be fun
That's a very strong reaction. Still it must have been really pleasant for you.
Oh me too actually. They are too scary for me too
Then I'm sure you'll do fine. Just try your hardest!
I would be upset if that happened to me too.
hopefully it turns out well
Good on you. Your brother should consider being a teacher! 
Yes I do. It can be one of the few remaining physical reminders of the person.
I'm not sure if you could train bees. You can get one of those protective suits I guess.
That is very bad person. You should forget about him.
You need to keep a cool head though, try doing some sports to relax your mind.
I'm sure it won't be long until your hard work is rewarded
Beaches are fun! I don't even know the last time I've been to a beach.
it is nice when it happens
Yes I feel like yelling at them - But that's just something that I would never actually be able to do!
Yep, my son just got me an iPhone 8 and I was surprised at how alien it was to me.
Wow you might have gotten a little bit of trauma from it. But I'm sure it will fade from memory eventually.
It could be a good explanation but he shouldn't have cursed.
That's no good. Those windows are not cheep either. Hopefully it wont cost too much. 
I'm sure once you see each other and get to chatting it will be like no time has passed! Have fun!
lol yeah our minds can play tricks on us when we're nervous. I'm glad it was nothing serious though.
I get you, I've been in your situation before
I've been on so many. They're definitley worthwhile! At least in my opinion!
cool well i hope you get what you want 
Wow that often. That must really be stressful.
Sounds like a good time! Have fun at the party!
I wouldn't either. Lucky day for you!
Oh ok well she'll be back before you know it!
That sounds really entertaining. I've seen those fun coffee mugs with shapes at the bottom.
I'm hoping for you! I always got stressed out waiting for grades too. Despite knowing that I did well.
I'm sure they wanted to be there though. Hopefully they are thinking of you.
Well at least you managed to make it through the day. I probably would have just gone home.
Sounds even better than bc I need a bed to sleep! lol 
That is pretty funny, to be honest.
It's a good thing that he was there to take care of it. I just saw a tarantula exhibits at the zoo. Even through the windows that made me nervous.
I'm sorry to hear that
That's a pretty serious issue. You should punish him somehow.
I am sure you did! 
yah, next time remind them earlier so you dont feel disturbed
That's nice. You guys can bond over it
Motivate her to participate in more competition like this.
You didnt keep it in a cage? Maybe you can get another and keep it more secure. 
what kind of breed was it
yes we all do. i really fell you on that
yes they are luckily we will always have them! 
At least it was water and not coffee or juice
I see. It's really good you got to catch up though!
That would be so fun i have always wanted to go but havent had the time !
Well, at least you got a new car that doesn't break down.
That's great. Sounds like she has a bright future ahead of her.
yeah it was quite appriciated
:( fantastic...
I can understand that. Kids have a big presence and their energy creates a void. Hopefully you can find things to take your mind off of it. 
Thank goodness for that! 
Maybe next time you will remember! Haha.
Uh oh...I have a cat who likes to steal things too lol Try checking underneath the furniture.
See and i would have though the opposite, but I suppose if they are gone all the time it might get overdone.
He probably won't be able to! Time will tell.
that was really bad
There is nothing you can do then.
Well give it back :) Stealing is not right
That is horrible. He could have even crashed the car by being drunk. How could you let him drive
Yea, I would find that rude as well, if he cares about the relationship he should apologize or make it up.
It's harder as an adult, but you can make some by joining some adult clubs that focus on sports or recreation. Or, if you have a neighborhood club, joining that!
That is a smart move by you.
That does sound really exciting. 
I understand , it feels good but when you are away you keep thinking about home and the kids lol
Yeah I understand
That/s disturbing kiddo..you lied and betrayed then you left. You have much to learn about life and how to treat others
That's interesting, I'm not sure I even knew there were different types of caffeine. Is one type worse than the others? 
That's a long time, so sorry to hear about your troubles.
Very sad but think of how proud she is going to make you in the good she will be just fine.
That is so true. I feel the same way. It's just nice to know that you work hard for your money.
they are offering a free pass at my gym might take it up
I am sure it does
I bet. That always happens to me. At least its gone now for you
So sorry about that
I am sorry to hear that. I hope things get better for you
LOL! omg..I use that word, I didn't think anyone else did! That is the perfect word for it. I saw a tarantula in the pet store the other day and my skin jumped off of me
that does sound like a lot of stuff going on at once
What a great day that must have been for you.
I heard of Hamlet that's the one about the prince right I would enjoy to see that being played out in the future glad you enjoyed it. 
That's awful.  That definitely is the worst.  Maybe it's time to change companies.
Oh wow! That stinks. At least you got new keys
What a tough situation. Just make sure and document everything.
You should be really proud of that.
Damn that sucks 
Would she have any reason not to trust you?  I would assume you have not done anything like this before.
I can imagine! I have been through it with others. It is terrifying!
I see, online is such a convenience but if things get delayed or don't work it becomes an issue.
As long as you trained hard and did your best, that is what counts!
That must be so scary.  I'm really glad you have some good options to try.
How much weight did you lose? I have lost over 100lb before. Does feel awesome
oh i thought you were eating out
That's true. I would be mad about that as well
I bet it has. They become a part of the family and it can be hard to let go
Wow! I bet you had a good time though at your party
i pay 34 but they are pros
A new car is a new car :) Just make sure to get it tune ups and oil changes etc on time
I bet thats rough. I would be the same way if my dog died.
that's not too bad, maybe she needs more attention from you 
That is crazy maybe you should check offer up and that is crazy I dislike when people steal what is yours especially something you really need. 
That's great to hear! I am happy for you
Well, sometimes just following orders really well is enough to impress your superiors.
What a pain in the you know what. I wish the parents could be punished too. Haha
It is, but you have got to keep grinding.
OMG my dream vacation
That is a favorite of mine too! He was so good in it.
Thats sickening. Don't steal stuff or you deserve anytime you get stolen from
Just make it short and sweet.
when i was a kid the adults use to scare me so since then i have not been a fan but i will take my kids tricker treating
It was just a tire he couldve let it go.
That's terrible. I had no idea
Good old days of playing these games all nights with my roommates. Now adult life is so different and boring
Make sure you get them done
Yeah it really is
just keep your money close to you and your passport closer
Something has to change. Its very annoying.
It's really a long story, but I won't be going back.
Oh wow! That is surprising
i wish i was you
And this heat can go away too.
That's great, it'll pay off for her over time.
See. They will only hinder the overall performance. You should talk to your manager
I know. I always get that feeling when I don't win the lottery.
Everything new is always scary. I am sure you are going to do great! Good luck! 
That is good, glad it will get taken care of
Well that's awesome! I bet you will have a great time
Awww, that's precious! Perhaps if I had kids it would be different. They must get so excited about dressing up and going out!
Im happy for you! 
Oh, okay. Well then it was a nice surprise.
I understand, maybe you can set up certain times or something
Adorable so happy for you! 
I see, well hang in there. In about 5 minutes, they'll be older.
We spend more time outside in fall than summer. summer is way too hot
That sucks. Must hurt throwing all that away.
oh boy
I don't care what kind it is. I will stay far away from them.
That sounds good. I hope you get re-energized.
Okay, then run for the hills. 
May as well keep going if you're healthy.
The beach is awesome when the weather is good. Hope you have fun!
Could be worse right? Glad everything ended up being ok.
that was probably us when we were little lol , my little nieces are the same way and they are such bad actors too
i hope so. It feels good when your day goes smoothly
that sucks
Some have aged really well though.
i get here nearly everday (orl)
It is and it wont change not even in my house 
you never know until you try or you can also do those online courses
I know what you mean.
That is so cool to have those memories.
/i love your confidence!
I am glad someone stepped up and spoke out about.
Perhaps she's turned over a new leaf. It's very good of you to lend her money, even if she is your sister.
Nice! wish you get more bonus in upcoming months.
Well that sounds fun! Hope she has a good flight!
I would be too.  I'm happy you didnt get into an accident or even worse, killed!
Just try and be better prepared next time so you dont get tempted again.
Nice! Texas is really nice this time of year.
Awesome, good luck on your test! I hope it all goes well!
That is trivia. When i am hyped, i cook lasagna. I know that is hard to cook, but i mastered it all on my own
Thats very sweet of her.  I'm sure it was nice, although sad, looking back at those memories.
Woah, that's incredible! You deserved it :)
The opportunity probably won't come along to many times in a lifetime. You should take advantage of it and enjoy yourself as much as you can.
no partner at home either? work stuff can be really dtressful
I am also single and there is no one to take me out just to soothe my inner emotional turmoil
Yeah that's true. I don't let people borrow my car anymore. Too big of an investment
I'm sorry to hear it went this way for you.
So true. I hate it when that happens.
That sounds amazing! I bet it was so much fun!
Yum, sounds amazing!
Congrats, that's a real accomplishment!
A solid and happy family life is the key to a happy life!
Going swimming on Sunday, Relaxing and maybe grocery shopping on Saturday.
Aw, that's awesome, I hope you two have a good time together!
Haha yup dieting is hard. All I want to do is eat delicious stuff all the time
Hey, it's never too late to start up again.  You can always do it as a hobby!
That's the sign of a good parent. You're reaping what you sowed, in a good way. Hopefully it carries on when he's an adult and he becomes another good human being that we have few of
Woah that's awful, those things are such a rip off!
I'm glad things worked out for you.
I know the feeling, it's too good to stop.
that's even better. He will be correcting you soon lol
It get better with time. 
oh dang ive never really been in that situation before
oh gosh that is awful! sounds like depression!
It sounds like you were quite content and joyful with you time you had with your daughter.
Oh yes, i completely understand that. Just get some snacks and watch a lot of movies :)
I'm so sorry!
That is a bummer! Well, you can go next time!
Yeah, even if they're not being annoying or bad... just so many people at once and all that activity.. too much. Love to see them come, and love it even more to watch them go.
Serving tables is hard. some days you can work your hardest and make absolutely nothing. I had to quit after so many years
Just gonna have to work harder for next time. 
They have these new portable cup holders that attach to almost anything. Maybe that can help in the future.
I am only a sophmore
Well, I hope you have a good experience in your new city and raise an amazing family!
If you can't, it may throw you off by a whole semester!  I would be really mad if I were you!
Florida gets hit a lot! Smart move being ready, but I hope you stay safe regardless!
sorry for your loss
Just keep at it and I'll do the same! We will be shredded in no time!
Yeah i get that. I don't go outside for long periods of time.
There will be something you like
That is great to hear. Sounds like she has good head on her shoulder.
That's amazing! :)
I'm glad to hear it. At least you know you're good at being social in some ways. Maybe you can make friends outside of roommates, and then be able to be social outside of your apartment and be able to come home and have the peace and quiet.
Ouch man. Just keep it on ice for the evening and reassess in the morning.
I've never been dove hunting. It sounds interesting.
Ah man, that's a bummer, hopefully she isn't too mad and will forgive you!
Boomer Sooner!
That is awesome. They must really like you.
That's the way to do it, you will be thankful you did in the long run!
LOL! I hear that :)
Damn.. hope when I have kids that they're like you. That all sounds great. You'll probably make all of his friends jealous
Seriously. I wonder where those babies would have been laid? You probably saved someone's lunch from being a birthing suite.
Fingerfoods are always good kid lunches. And I hate having to go to the dang grocery store!
omg. I love your mom lol
That's amazing, you must be so excited right now
Oh that is devastating. I hope insurance covers.
I consider this a family heirloom and your children would be happy to share this story for years to come.
That's fantastic.  It sounds like she has tapped into her inner musical talent!
Oh boy, have a great time!
Aw, that's disappointing!
I hope you are finding ways to cope with your loss. That can't be easy to deal with. 
That would be very frustrating. Hopefully she will learn to replace things as she gets older!
I bet you were having a great time.
It takes time to adapt to a new city. Get involved in some groups to meet like minded people.
That's a great attitude to have going in. They really pick up on confidence at interviews.
It's good to have a pet in your life, makes you happy.
Well I appreciate you. 
Nasty. That makes me want to not eat there anymore, but I guess it happens sometimes.
That's so disappointing. People should really not be judging others when they don't know how much effort was put in to the outfit.
Man.. I'm so sorry. I remember when I was really young, I was in the car with my mom and she hit our neighbor's cat driving home. They just ran right out into the street. She drove home and cried for a while.
Aw, wonderful!
I agree.  I had a cousin living with me for a while until he got on his feet.  I really preferred that over a stranger.  It sounds like you both had an awesome night!
i bet. I miss my friends
Hey, you can go out and not pay a babysitter. 
Well that's nice that you all get along. you ar actually pretty lucky
Ah, I see. Yeah, that's an easy habit to have. I would be that way too if I wasn't too cheap to spend money. I just try to do a lot of croc-pot stuff since I stink at cooking and am poor
LOL! English is a tough subject.
Well it seems that you have to deal with him for at least another year. With that in mind I hope you have more than one bathroom. I suggest you let him keep his poop in one without cleaning it up until it starts to bother him!
Whaaat! That was cool of them. If it were me, it'd be torture trying to figure out what to do. Put it into stocks? Savings? Pay off debt? Go on a vacation? I hate making decisions cause I feel like I messed up no matter what I choose. But maybe you deserve a vacation, eh
really? wow
Uh oh, well at least you won't be a lone when you watch a scary movie.
Ohhh wow.  I hope you were successful!
Yeah! and they are so excited to see you and welcome you home!
Sorry.. when I first read what you said I read it as Grandparents.. I don't know why.  My brain is tired from work.
Haha, that's awesome, at least you two made it out of it safely.
That really is quite an accomplishment.. the type that makes you cry at graduation ceremonies!
Right, yeah, you just get used to their presence. I hated that they'd bark so much at thunderstorms, but other than that, their little quirks were growing on me. In fact, I miss them right now
That would be a good idea, it's better to get tested and treated early if it is anything serious!
I'm sure its happened to him before and understands.
I know that feeling, I'm waiting for the college to start myself!
Yes, it's good to keep bonding. I understand not being able to do it at first, though
Sure does. I think they get a little jealous and just want our attention. They're also very curious about the world, which is a good thing!
Oh. I know what you mean. I am like that with shoes. I always change my phone
Did you keep your receipt?  Maybe you can exchange it or get your money back?  ;)  lol
Fun times!  Makes you think back to being in HS.  I am working in a HS this time.
I live right next to my campus too! The downside is it's a building made in the '50s and looks terrible on the inside. But I can bear it since I'm saving money. Most college kids have their parents money and just choose a fancier place because they don't care about money. 
Haha, while he builds back up his spider web.
see it can get worse!  lol... I am paying cash for my classes now but I only take 1 at a time.
I sort of feel the same way, the older I get, the less I care about my birthday.
Yeah, he should have left the dog with you so not only would you have some company, but some protection, too. But I don't know all of the situation so I guess I shouldn't say for sure! Hopefully it's not for too long so you guys can get back to being a trio
I totally get it.  I bet you think about it way more than she does, though I don't know if that makes you feel any better lol
What kind of food do they make? Sorry to hear that! That's awful.
Sometimes it is worth taking a risk like that to have a high reward.
I'm sure your family will understand. And look at the bright side, you'll cherish your next visit even more.
Thats awesome.  Saves time and money.
Is this your first year working this job? If so, hope it goes well!
Oh wow, she's must be smart! But yeah, that must be stressful.
Yeah, some cities have a lot of people and some really bad drivers. They're rude and disrepectful to all other people even pedestrians.
One day when you are successful, I hope you pass your good luck forward!
Maybe he is trying to do what he thinks is best. I'm sure it's out of love not just being mean.
Fun times!  I did a little beach fishing not long ago at New Smyrna.  I hope you catch some cool fish!
That's really nice of you for being nice to her. I bet she is happy that you are her co-worker.
Yes, there are many times the emotional pain from tragic events are worse than physical. It doesn't make it easier that it was a person you knew, I'm sure. 
You deserve to be happy about that, that is not an easy class!
i bet that brought back a lot of wonderful memories , from the good old days
That is really scary when you are alone.
That's my thought process like every week. I think I might be getting old because sometimes I like sleeping more than being awake.
Did it at least taste good? lol
They are very handy to have. We got a box that airs up tires and has jumper cables also.
That's great to hear.  She'll be flying out of the nest before you know it.
Awesome. I'm glad that she has things going for her, and congratulations to you!
It sounds like you might be from down south. I would miss it there, too.
Oh no, I'm so sorry to hear that, it must have been hard on you
I would order again also, that's a good company.
I hope you have lots of fun!
I hope you have a good time there.  Be careful in the interior, it's hot as heck there.
Aw, that's no fun. I bet the constant construction didn't help at all
Most definetly she was my constant companion.  It will hopefully get easier for us each day
I agree that he has said some things to suggest that.  However, I do think he has done some good and wouldnt necessarily be the worst president we have ever had.
Wow!  Now that's one cool gift if I may say so myself.
Awesome. Its great. Helps keep down the student loans.
I love that pie!!! It's delicious! My favorite holiday is Christmas. 
I think we need more people like you in society.
Well, that's different then.
No way! Congrats!!! I've never come close to that much on a scratch off.  I bet your heart was racing.
That's great! I like to go dancing too
You must be getting a big pay raise you ole banker.
I would be too.  Its not fun when a couple people ruin a night that should be a great time!
Yikes. organic chemistry was the last chemistry class I took.     Yuck reaction mechanisms... sn1 sn2 etc.
Then everything should go fine!  Good luck, I hope you get a raise!
Well I am sure you will have fun.  Just follow the instructors lead!
Oh, well I'm sorry, that is definitely an unpleasant Valentine's day. But, on the positive side, at least you found out what a jerk he was before you became more committed. 
You should go out and celebrate
They'd shut down then.
Man I know how that feels.  When I go to visit my sister and nieces, I have such a hard time when its time to fly home
Don't be ashamed or set yourself short espcially since you worked so hard. If you feel scared or hesitant to do so than I would talk to her boss to possibly set up a meeting.
I really do not like hockey, it is boring as hell
Yes, and worse case, perhaps you can carry something on board to help relax your nerves, just in case. There's always alcohol too!
Wow that's harsh.
That's really when they start to come into their own. Must be really neat!
We all make mistakes, just send it back and have it the way you want it.
It can be hard to find the right therapist, so it's great you have found one that really is there for you and helps.
I am so happy you have someone so special in your life!
Oh more money is always good
I'm glad they came in for you.
That would be very disappointing and frustrating I'm sure. No doubt you wonder why they would do such a thing!
Thats true.  Just remember that as much as it might sting now there are plenty of people out there and you want to find one that makes you happy all of the time, not just some of the time.
It doesn't.  Try hard to stay positive and remember he isn't suffering anymore
Well, that's okay. I'm sure it tasted fantastic.
Don't worry, I will tell Hollywood to make new episodes for you!
Sounds like it's going to be a good night. Enjoy.
I'm glad to hear it. It's always nice to get a little "me" time to get things done.
Oh no, you are leaving the neighbors to terrorize some unsuspecting people. That is funny.
Don't show your anger at all  or let her know it got to you.
I am happy for you! I hope you keep being friends forever!
Yikes, that would drive me crazy.
Well I'm glad that it worked out for you!
lol! Well it's ok, it's not like you need to do anything with heights- unless you have to fly a lot. I do..but I don't like it
That is terrible if he blamed you.
And your hard work will pay off!
Ugh, that's terrible.  I hope you found the money!
Definitely. Hopefully lead to a promotion for you soon!
When is the test? Practice makes perfect! Fit it in!
It sounds like your positivity will bring about something good
She sounds like a great girlfriend
i agee. i used to loooove playing mortal kombat.
I get that, I guess you can just bring cleaning supplies!
Wow. That has got to be annoying. I can never finf my landlord
That is sad. I hope you find them.
Sounds like a mess, were they punished in some way? 
Oh, I hope you seek help for that
That is super cool. I hope they win this one too.
Sorry to hear that
Cool. I never have time for video games any more
That is impressive, congrats on raising a smart kid!
I used to play
Cool!  I've heard it can be tough but I think it would be fun to try out!
Mine does also! It seems like it just keeps getting worse and worse. 
Some act like it never happened. A lot of apathy going around. You'll see her again someday!
I get that, but I hope that continues for you!
Well that's good. IT will come it you work for it.
Oh, well there you go, good choice!
I probably would have tried to shoot him thinking he was an intruder
Anyway, you can watch other movies.
Wow, that is not safe at all for a kid though
It takes a while to feel that great. I am almost there.
yea i can understand that
Best of luck with it, if you hit it big slide a few million my way haha
Keep it up. You guys can be in each others' weddings lol
Oh, that looked decent, hope you like it!
I don;t even try, I can barely watch suspense movies
Their toddlers were in the street? I feel like that is almost CPS level issues
What did you do? Sometimes I just sleep and that is enough for me
good luck i hope all goes well
I know right? Oh lord- the food industry is the worst, especially for waitresses.
That's what I get too!  I also get vegan cheese...its delish!  Hope you have a great time chowing down tonight!
I hope you guys will still get to spend quality time together and of course, get some rest in.
yea
Oh I see. I'm glad the police came and took care of it. Sounds like a scary experience.
Ooof! Best of luck to you, I'm sure you'll be fine. Math was never my strong suit.
I understand. I hope that they will win again,
That is smart, sorry that is happening to you!
Any favorite actors? 
Oh no! that's really terrible.
Watch in the day time with the lights on and the tv volume low. That's how I got into them
Oh, well congrats then haha
thats cool
lol. thats an oldie but goodie
That is so cool and thoughtful!
smart move
Well great job, get something nice with it, you deserve it!
Yeah, they are way better than scary ones. Seems like there are horror movies coming out every other day now a days.
And you might get called a weirdo. Haha
Well, I hope you have fun! I'm almost completely deaf, so I don't know that much about music.
ah i am sorry for that! hoping for the best!
What is the purpose of that!
That is super cool.
Well that really stinks.
yea i can see that
That's awesome! The best part of that is looking good is only just a side affect of being healthier in general, which is great to be.
I completely understand that. I'm so busy I hardly socialize at all.
I understand. Anyway, he will keep visiting.
Oh good luck with that! Next time use airbnb or vrbo
Wow, she has a bright future ahead of her if that is the case
If he is rich then I am jealous of him too
Oh man well wear silver. That can supposedly burn them and scare them away. 
yea that sounds like a plan
Seriously!
That's sounds nice and romantic
I love it there. I don't normally like football, but it's always good when the Patriots lose.
That very nice of them
Kids are like that sometimes, sorry about that
Ah heck, I hate that for you. Hopefully it isn't as bad for you as it seems, but just know that that mistake has happened to several people that I know of, so you're not alone.
Wow thats so deep.  I cant imagine having to deal with that at that age.  They mustve been what like 8?  thats a lot to put on a kid
Well that may be difficult if you aren't married first.
Wow that's pretty ballsy nice job!
That will be so much mush. He is going to have a great time.
lol.  Maybe they all came into work early just to surprise you!
Oh you just know that there's something going on. That's pretty cool
It's true, but I also can't help but watch. It's exciting to learn in any case.
Nice i love football.
Maybe you can swap Toyotas for a day :D
Yeah magic is pretty great!
I actually started to understand where he was coming from...in a sick kind of way.
I only have one. And next year he'll be going off to college. I wish I didn't have to work so much so I could have spent more time with him when he wanted to
You have to be careful though.  Sometimes people can be really dangerous when they have nothing to lose
That makes a lot of sense. Sometime that's just how it goes though. 
I hope so, and I hope you do good in the tournament :) Just rest that finger and let it heal.
I wish I could have seen that sight, ask him for his workout schedule.
Wow that's really rough. It was only $5 but she was still really upset about it. 
Well that is pretty gross.
Thank you for the heads up! Maybe sleep with a night light on tonight :) Sweet dreams!
Oh! I thought it was something bad, I hate roller coasters too!
Well I'm sure the odds are against him, but I hope he succeeds this time.
Imagine days spent cruising around on the water!
Just enjoy and rest on your last weekend before baby, It'll all be worth in when you are holding your little girl :) Don't listen to those scary stories, those are the 1 in a million chances it goes wrong!
Wow
That's the bit I kind of don't like about restaurants. I get why they don't let you get your own beverages but at the same time it seems unnecessary to have to wait for someone to refill your glass.
What would you do with friends? 
Yes, don't let a night go by without saying I Love You.
Thats pretty cool! I am fascinated by that!
Oh wow that sounds like fun, your a great uncle!
I just saw a girl wearing them at walgreens tonight.  I wanted to trip her lol
I hate rollercoasters too!
I hope it was a good day for you, atleast you did something productive and got some laundry done haha
Great! They should get a great review as we all have hair everywhere. It's bound to happen at  some point.
I bet his face was priceless when he found out!  Those are the best times in life!  Take him out for vegan ice cream!
What I've found is everything is salvageable if you really want/need to.  I recommend looking on YouTube to see how to remove the oil from the fabric.  Keep your head up, you'll be alright!
thats smart.  We went to one for my wifes birthday once and it cost a fortune!
I went on vacation about 4 months ago, it was really fun. I went to Orange Beach, AL
Yea. You have to be careful with flies, because they can lay eggs in your pet's food.
I have never tried it
They grow up so fast! Glad he isn't scared anymore.
thats cool that you made it through
I totally get it.  If I found out that I was pregnant right now, I'd pass out and cry for a few minutes and then be happy.  ha ha.  I pray for your wife and her body! he he.
I don't, if it were up to me we would all be artificially inseminated and men would be kept like livestock.
Cool!
how many packs did you stock up with? lol
Oh man, I'm sorry. My two dogs are my babys, I can't imagine how you feel.
I love camping. Hopefully, you won't meet too many mosquitos!
Wow that's a long way to go. It's really cool you have one opening up near you. 
Haha, relaxing days can be super helpful.  I hope you have a good rest of your weekend!
That makes a big difference. Getting your feng shui on the go!
Awesome!  He'll know not to challenge you next time!  $20 bucks richer!
thats good
I don't think anyone enjoys going to the dentist.
That was really nice of them.  you have some really good friends
Wow, that is scary! Be careful.
Think of how many people have babies.  If they can do it so can you!
oh well you lived through it!
Well there are some good safety apps for your phone that a friend can monitor you as you walk home. Maybe you want to try one of those. 
That is true,not all moms are that way and that is sad.
That's good at least
2 bags and I'm already struggling.
dump the first, and go for her
Oh... I didn't know those were real. 
That's sad, one of my friend's dog died a few years ago. We were all very sad because he was such a nice pit
Ah you're getting maintenance done. That's good.
I bet so, that doesn't happen often.
Good luck. Maybe a better opportunity will come around.
its horrible to hear , but i agree with you 100 percent some people should not have kids at all
I'm glad to hear that he is better now - you did a great thing by helping him.
oh yeah that could be dangerous!
Yes I am and my wife is awesome too!
Yes, each kid has their own personality sometimes. I've seen some families that had some kids that were angels, and one of them was a nightmare!
I am sure she understands it was an accident.
You have a great wife for sure then.
your husband could probably help you with the math portion!
They sound like good knives
They grow up so fast! You must be proud of them though.
I would just to be safe!
That will be great! A little peace of mind is all you need. 
holy smokes thats legit! 
Well that's no very helpful. What about cancelling your card at the bank and reporting fraudulent charges? 
He is planning to be a she as soon as she can get the operation scheduled with the doctor. I think I will take at least a few months.
i would love to be able to have horses
I know. It is so hurtful to so many involved.
Oh that sounds good. The closest sub store we have is SubWay.
Cherish him while you can. They really grow up fast.
Someone should definitely report him.
im straight but the way my dad raised me , he said to respect all sexes , and what ever religion i choose was up to me , i have never gone to church 
Florida is a great state to have vacation fun! Can you bring me a seashell back? 
shoot you aint the only one!
No I my boyfriend had on the Dolphins.. BLAH lol
I believe that!
Wow, that's awful. I hope you can tell her all about him and share some pictures at least. 
Ha!  Well just make sure you've got good insurance on all of them first!!
Good luck. It'll be worth it.
Give her a few days and try again
uh oh how does Facebook help? lol
Yeah that's good.  You're a good friend.  Good on you lad!
I would love to go someday.
I'm sorry.  Don't worry.  It never is as bad as you think it will be.
That was very thoughtful, you are very lucky!
i run 1 10k a year lol
its so awesome to have a child! my son is a little over a year
That's really amazing. I wish you two the best.
Yes! I remember that. I was just looking at getting an emulator so I could play it again on my computer.
Thats awesome i used to do the tattoos and recently purchased 2 tatoo machines a shader and a liner , been drawing since i was 5 years old
I wish you healing and comfort.
Oh my gosh. Congratulations on the kiddo!
I bet you are scared! It will be fun though!
Good idea. Having someone around might help you recover from it.
That's too bad, I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you feel better soon!
it does i agree! its always great when someone gets paid for their hard work
Sounds like you have a great friend! 
That's true, that is part of it, I guess.
Oh that's very nice! He must work very hard then!
Oh now I"m just getting jealous!
That's awesome!  Nothing better than free food!!
ooooh nice , i would be so pumped too see them , enjoy
thats legit! i love mma and jiu jitsu is crucial 
We have a local pizza place here and it is SO much better than all the chain places.  I hope your's is great also.
I am so sorry to hear that. I'm sure she had the bests life she could being part of your family.
yea 
A hit and run. Not many people are responsible anymore.
It definitely can be.
yep us too, its sad we have to have those
You will never be ready but enjoy as  much as you can while you're young! lol
Nice! I don't know either band well but sounds exciting!
Yeah that is too bad.
Yeah, that's a hard age to separate from a child. They don't really understand. I have to leave my 16 year old sometimes and he jumps for joy.
I am glad you got this one off!
yea
They sound rock metal. Hope you have a great time!
dang in the middle of no where
sounds like a plan
Hey I saw Breaking Benjamin a couple years ago at an unplugged concert in Nashville!  You're gonna have some fun!!
I bet, I would have had to look away!
It must be an exciting time, too.
I don't blame you!
my wife loves that name, we have a son that will be 2 in december. if we have another one his name will be knox
That will be a fun concert!
Sounds like you have a great family.
Central Louisiana. Hot and gross out here! Imagine a steaming swamp.
yeah thats true! with a margarita
That's awesome! I very happy for you. I hope you have many good years to come as well.
I hope you can find some comfort during this time!
Not many people are thankful for their family. I am glad you are.
If you find a place that cares for their people, stay with them!
That's still awesome. Have a great time!
wow that is impressive!!
Yeah, I had forgot it was Friday. I always enjoyed getting off early then.
yea i feel your pain! we will be buying a bigger home also
your husband is a lucky guy!
That sounds amazing, I hope you both enjoy it!
You never know unless you ask, and it never hurts to ask!
Wow, that is very nice of him. It's to meet nice guys these days! You're lucky to have him!
Sure!  Then cook the rice later!
I hope you have a wonderful time!
i would love to try it one day , im happy for you
Hey, the party was probably worth it.
Don't know who they are.
man that will be great, working long shifts aint fun
yea sometimes its relaxing to be out there cutting the grass by yourself 
Luckily. In bad situations like that, it is always best to remind ourselves that things could have been a lot worse for ourselves.
Awesome! They play some good music!
holy smokes thats a huge gap!
no way its awesome!
Too bad it's on a Sunday.
You should be proud of yourself really.
Yeah that sounds sooooo good right now!  I may need to go to chinese tonight!!
Understandably so, I get nervous during presentations too. Take some deep breaths and you'll pull through!
i know the feeling, there are a ton of people like that too
thats awesome
Take care of him!
Okay interesting. Well I would guess that she is probably studying right no!
That's an awesome band.  So jealous of him!!!  Wish we could've ALL went!
Oh gosh. That's not safe at all. 
thanks , and once again thank you for your service in any field contributing to society 
That is pretty terrifying, but I'm happy to see that you made it through in one piece.
Yes she does. She's very talented. I'd love to see her live.
I would have been, too. I am glad you are okay!
I hope they perform well this year then!  It's always nice to have a winning team.
dirty 30 parties are the best!
That's such a shame, I'm sorry to hear that.
Yeah I can imagine
It is unbelievable to meet these wild animals in a city. You should definitely call them
yep if it deserves to be yelled at thats one thing
Yeah....I have no complaints with him.....his salary is too big for the franchise but that ain't his fault.
At least you were productive!
when my brother loves the things i love , it makes me feel good like we are bonding 
thats good, my house was also broken in to
Don't worry about the calories for now. Just start moving more, and maybe join an exercise class. You'll start to enjoy it, and before you know it the weight will just start dropping off!
Take it from me, you've got to work on getting over that shyness before it's too ingrained in you! I'm still pretty introverted but I enjoy meeting new people now and it helps with my emotional state a ton.
That's a great attitude to have about it.  But I understand that it still stings a bit.  
I would be a mess, my son is about to turn two and I am sad about that. Time goes by so fast.
i have one and it is awesome
That would be awesome! I hope they do too!
Maybe this year will be their year.
maybe itll all work out for you!
I hope it continues!
That's so disgusting. You should catch them one day and drag them to the police station.
i have hear so as well, i love concerts
Hopefully so, maybe they can make a good run this year.
that would be so nice to have!
Well hello neighbor!  I'm going to have to get down there one day - I remember way back when they won the World Series I think in 1991 maybe?  It was so exciting!
Awesome!  I'll have to check them out this year.  I'm a cowboys fan LOL
extra money is always great!
Good. He is fast growing child! 
That sounds like a plan.
you made my day , hope everything goes well 
lol he has no cares which is always good
Oh sweet! I'd love to go to one of their shows myself. I hope you have a great time.
What you are saying is true. Me too, I hate paying fpr interests.
Kids can be annoying and such outcomes can teach them on how to properly behave
That's pretty cool!   I'm so glad for you!  I bet that was a lot of paper writing :D
That sounds fun, those are always exciting.
thats sad, i hate to hear that
That's awesome!  I hope they win it all !  They really are a great team.
That is great.
great! i hope that you do!
I hope they do, too. That is a dangerous person.
Make sure you do something good for them in return!
Your sister sounds pretty awesome
I can understand that!  Otherwise you are just wondering all the time who it is and if they will come back.  I hope you were able to get some security systems in place to help feel more at ease.
Yeah same here
nice , i have a friend who lives in florida hope you all enjoy it there
Wow! I haven't thought about them in years. I can't remember the last time I saw one. 
That would be the only thing that would keep me from it.  I admire those that care for our animals, so thanks to you for being you.
That sounds like a great time!
i was born in savannah!
Yes it is! We walked all around it
i agree they have regard for anyone else
indeed they are so good
That's really great!  I'm happy for you!  Knockem dead!
I love catfish! I'm glad you were able to enjoy a nice celebration with your mom.
I can see that. But she loves you for you and not for what you can afford. 
LOL you get there faster
Don't worry though. He will be home soon!
Awesome! I'm sure they will all do their best!
Yeah, don't let them lie to you. I don't know them, obviously, but that sounds like an excuse to me too.
I can't imagine how anxious that must have made you. I am glad it turned out to be benign. 
That's great to hear! I'm sure you'll find someone better soon.
i would be really upset too , i have received defective merchandise too and its upsetting , waiting for the product for 1 week and checking the mail every day , only to get it broken
I am very happy for you. I wish you all the best!
Yes, so many options
That may be a issue I mean you want to trust\t your significant other but as women we know the changes and signs trust me.
That is a great accomplishment since most marriages don't last very long. Congrats! 
You know what, i have always secretly wanted to date red hair as a partner and I hope I will one day
That is so sad to hear!  Perhaps after she cools down a bit ya'll will be able to work it out.
Wouldn't that be great. Think of all the changes we could make. 
I'm sure all the hard work and effort you put in to it really shows. I am trying to get in shape myself, and your story is inspiring!
Yeah that would suck.  You should throw some peanuts or corn up there.
Sorry to hear that. Hope the weather is better next time!
Oh that's a big one! That should be an amazing show!
OMG! Bless your heart. I hope they feel guilty now knowing what they did to you. 
What a great gift! I have always wanted a Polaroid instant camera!
I bet you were extremely happy. A year without seeing a parent can be a very lonely feeling.
I know the feeling. The thought of replacing them seems impossible. Only time will tell if you are ever ready for another.
Science was never my strongest but I admire those who love it because they are super smart I hope your next article makes it into a even bigger news article. 
Maybe he needs to break away from her a bit. Maybe then she will mind her own business. 
Nice, it's always fun even if you've been before.
I actually liked retail but the customers and the schedule sucks lol
Oh no :(   I'm so sorry.   There's always adoption!
That should be so much fun, seeing his face when he first puts his feet in the water will be amazing!
That is really great! Your fitness and health are very important to take care of.
shes gonna be very happy , i would do the same for my mom
Nice. I didn't know about it.
you ought to be careful
Have to be much more careful next time maybe get a box to put it in. 
Bless your heart. I hope they find out and it's something they can treat it easily. 
That creates a great work environment
That's really cool to see their development and their growth.
Wow! Great find! I bet you was super happy.
He has to be happy if he still there marriage is important and he has to be open in communication with you instead of pulling the divorce card. 
lol , we have possums down here , they get in the attic all the time too 
Ah, the good ole side hustle. I like that. You should check out "Side Hustle" by Chris Guillebeau. I'm looking to start something myself. 
good to hear that!!
That would be an awesome win!  I think the most I've ever won was $1 on a scratch off lottery ticket haha!  I hope you win!!
That's awesome! I can't wait to take my daughters to disney
i love dogs , they just want someones attention , they are loyal till the end
It's cool to always remember those milestones. Helps to keep us motivated.
I can't even imagine.  I hope she has some great men in her life that can help to be that father figure for her.
It is indeed. I wish i could back to my childhood times. No hassle, no stress of paying bills. Adulthood is really difficult
I agree with you
yes it does lol
oh it sounds fun. You should try it once. You will enjoy it. You will be scared for the first time, but you will be okay
Oh I'm so jealous!  I bet that place is beautiful!!
Dang! Tell your friend to go find a new spot!
I don't blame you. It's so sad to know that you have to leave them there. 
i would be happy too , but i would probably buy 20 tickets after and lose in every single one with my luck
I've been in that situation many times lol
Good luck!!
haha I bet she's a doll!  Cherish these moments!
I hope you feel better!
It's funny! 
I hope you lit it on fire!
It is very unusual. UPS is very competitive company and they should have resolved the issue quickly
It's always good to exchange the information to make sure that they follow up about that. Hope your car gets fixed soon.
Uh oh! Maybe time to move on
Wow! I bet he will love that. 
Yes dont give upQ! I bet you'll find something good
thats very annoying
Luckily nothing happened, but better to be safe while driving.
We just got back from there 2 weeks ago, we stayed at Miramar Beach. I'm sure it will be a lot of fun and relaxation!
You should confront them next time if it happens. They should be put in their place for improper social behavior
Yes, even though death is part of life, it's very hard. I hope things are better for you.
Well I do hope you get to have your hike soon! I'm sure if you keep putting in the work it will pay off eventually.
I lost my friend to a heart attack. He was only 35.
oh thats too bad but i bet you will do fine
Oh, well, in all honesty, it probably won't last if he's a bad guy anyway.
It happens. But next time you;ll be more aware
I always love surprises like that. And a new laptop is a pretty big deal. Enjoy it!
wow thats insane
Without a doubt, most drivers are total morons.
When you see them again it will be worth a wait!!
dang that is so awesome
That's cool. The history of them are as well, Sometimes, it's nice to use something from the past.
Nice. I bet you were so proud.
Damn, hopefully you're doing better now.
You know nothing about politics, go watch soap operas
It is pathetic and unacceptable. You should grow up and stop being so irresponsible
haha that might be too far
same, it was awesome
So many of my friends have cracked phones so I guess mine are clumsier. 
You got this! Fake it until you make it!
Hopefully nothing bad will happen.
oh yeah, nice pace though but you will miss him a lot i guess!!
Well, I can relate. My sister and I found some playboy magazines nosing around too!
Maybe you should buy him lunch to make a peace offering.
That is a pretty good tradeoff.
wow well good luck
Oh, I see. Well, they are a lot of fun!
That's pretty much the same reason that I don't want kids.
Aww.  I think you will do okay!
thats so cool, good for him
But it is you who choose which girl to marry and which one not. You should try to explain it to her that old days are over
You will do fine, I know it.
Yes, that would be quite fun! My children will not go to haunted house, no matter how much we try to bribe them lol
I know some people that eat healthy, but still struggle with their weight. So, that's great you don't!
True, though I just wish girls weren't so shallow sometimes.
That wasn't ever nice of her.
Awesome!  So glad they're still rocking after all these years!
seems like a tough sport
It ok, mistakes happen.
they are important to the ecosystem but i wish they would stay away from me
That is good, you must of studied a long time.
well good for you
Yeah.  I'd say so.  I can't stand bad drivers!
wow that sucks so bad
You can go visit.
That's so great. My sister was mine too. She passed away several years ago, so never take him for granted and treasure every moment with him!
well good luck with that
dang thats a bit low
That was nice of you.
How old are you? It's more rough when you're young.
hopefully you get it
Oh, well no doubt that will be fun! I like that it isn't fake, like wrestling.
How often do you see them.
thats great, happy for you
I totally agree.
yikes thats quite a sum of money
Oh, okay! Well, I love some Blackjack. I like Poker, but better at Blackjack. But, not on your level by any means! Good for you!
Agreed, that would be badass.
I love that movie.
I'm sure it probably upset them, but maybe they realize it was for a reason. And I'm sure they've done the same thing.
wow thats impressive
hopefully well
Hopefully you learned a lesson from this experience. If you want to do well you need to be prepared.
Make sure to tell her that!
It's good to have that close bond with your siblings, though.
oh mom's will be mom. she will forgive you
That isn't a lot of people but still a good job.
Well there ya go, I didn't know. The Weeknd sounds like a band, more than just one person.
You need to catch up.
Oh I hate that too. Just let me buy what I need to buy and leave.
As long as you keep the GPA to what you need though
I am glad for you
LOL....I think that's when I would start crying.
Really! They are so much fun
Yeah.  It's usuallty around 0600 here when it gets light.  It's only 3 here now though
Especially in public when people can see you do it.
Well, it can be hard to resist sometimes. But, maybe just eat a bit healthier for a few days, and it'll make up for it.
Things will get better from here on out
I wouldn't wish that on my worst enemy.
I think that your Dad will be more concerned about you being injured than scolding you. Go home.
yeah that's good really
That's has to be a relief. Hopefully he won't fall off the wagon. With alcoholism it's one day at a time.
Well thankfully it's over now.
I cheer for you to make it
old is gold saying is so true. All our memories comes up.
Not bad at all!
I hope it does too!
you will get it don't you worry about it
I hope you get the job
Glad to hear it, I hope I have a day like that soon.
Well - you live and learn.
I'm pleased for him. Hopefully he'll be the next Usain Bolt.
Indeed it ought to be
I understand your feelings.
If they don't want to have anything to do with you because you are poor then they are pretty shallow and dispicable. I've still got the pigs if you want to get rid of them.
I'm sorry to hear that.
I've never even owned a car, never mind an Audi!
Oh, I am happy for you
i am sure, you will get it. I pray for you
That's important. Maybe you're right to stick with it there.
Why was he doing it
Not bad at all!
That sounds so good!
Everything will go fine, all you have to do is be yourself
Me neither. I spoke to someone who had seen a show about a guy eating a live squid. Yuck!
You will be just fine.
Yeah!! you should refused to take the pizza and returned it
It's like Larry Gelwix says "What's Important Now?" - what is the best course of action right this second to improve performance. It's inspiring.
That seems like he needs to be let go then.
I would be too, so that's understandable.
Then all is well.
I could use some burgers myself right now.
I feel so bad for you.
That sounds really cool.
I am so happy for you.
Hopefully that isn't too big an issue.
It's frustrating when that sort of thing happens
Things will get better.
Awful. It doesn't happen to anyone. 
thats fair
a bit late for that
Maybe.
Ooo that's nice of them!
I hope things get better.
I hope they do well for you
You are so brilliant.
Oh wow thats crazy, super cool tho
ok dude it was too late i have to go home else my mom will scold me
That seems weird to me
Oof that isn't good, sorry to hear man.
Me too! Must have cost a lot.
I am so happy for you!
that was so mean
i can imagine, my condolences 
I'm glad you understand your actions.
well have fun with that
I agree, but you will get to see them again when you come back!
Good to hear that he is performing so well.
Thats fair enough, took many biscuits bad for the health
So looks like you won't be getting your money back any time soon!
yea i would be sad
yea i can imagine
This is will be a great season!
ah thats so bad of your neighbors!!
Phew! Good have ended a lot worse if that gas station wasn't there.
Oh that's awkward haha.
Ugh! She was probably doing it on purpose to annoy you!
wow that really sucks, im sure you will bounce back
Was it a new rug
There must be some way. Let's look at the suspects.
Oh, you and your silly pigs.
I am very happy for you.
good luck with that then
That is such a shame to hear, you could try having an imaginary friend
yea i can imagine
Hopefully you will get it if you prepared well!
Well I'm really happy for you, man.
I hope you can find a way to convince her if you really like or love her
That is an interesting meeting.
You know what they say, don't you? "You can always buy a new pig - just don't, under any circumstances, involve the cops"
Do you feel bad about it now? I think you do but sometimes we have to do hard things in life.
I wish you all the best.
i would be too
I'd hope so too!
i bet it did
Oh, sounds like you should replace it
Oh I see, I don't think I would be able to eat something like that!
Yeah that's understandable.
yea nostalgia is a real kicker
That's really strange of them haha.
i can imagine
Don't worry, hit the gym and join student clubs.
I would be too, it must have tasted disgusting! What a waste of nachos. 
I thought the voice was telling you to feed the pigs again.
def worth it
Yeah - it can be upsetting
Whopped in the beak by that glass.
I see, I think you will get the job
Oh those were the good old days.
nice
I would be too so that's fair.
Glad to hear that the studying paid off
yea it feels extra bad
hopefully i also reach that point
As you should bee. but its okay, we are all human and make human mistakes some times.
nice job
Feels so good man
You must be a great parent!
I'm sorry to hear that.
I am glad for him. Bullies should not be allowed to behave badly towards others.
Oh he is quite a grown man. I bet you wanted to catch up on old time growing up with him
They're professional naggers.  It's just what they do.
get me some dat respect
True, a month is not too long.
yea i can imagine
Yup, hard work tends to do that.
I hope he learns his lesson.
Time will heal. Remember you dog for all the good memories. 
Yeah man, it would have sucked if she said no.
I hope things get better you two.
yea i know what you mean
Yes you do that buddy
Good for you! Hard work always pays off buddy.
That's awesome, it's nice to feel loved.
That's really nice to hear, I hope it goes well.
Luckily you weren't hurt though!
I hope so too, it will take hard work but its possible.
oh, thank god you were escape you have to thank god for doing great things
seems super cool
I hope you are feeling better.
yea i bet he is
Yeah hopefully you do pretty well at least.
Definitely. Hopefully the next World Cup will surprise just as much.
That's terrible. I could see how that would stay with you.
Yeah that's nice but at some point you have to learn your own limits.
Congratulations buddy
Hopefully this was just a one time thing.
It's hard to hold back the truth sometimes.
i agree.
I hope you get to set him straight somehow.
I hope you keep it forever.
yea no problem
I hope you didnt abandon her.
I am sure your shoes can be cleaned.
yea hopefully you find it
Thats not a great attitude as you at least must give a go. You only fail if you don't try.
You should find a way to be satisfied with just one person.
Definitely. Congratulations and good luck!
Yeah, we all were at some point.
i would be to
That's terrible. I hope the situation sorts itself out.
That's awful, I hope she turns out alright.
I am proud of you!
It'll pay off in the end
I guess so, though I'm tired so I want to sleep.
I bet you are great at it!
Was he insane or was it a part of he's culture? 
I wish you the most success!
HAHAHAH she probably has no idea whats going on.
How embarrassing! lol
I hope he is alright now
WOW! he never came back? thats hilarious and terrible.
Oh yeah I remember that.  Pretty tough.
Yeah its been WAY to hot here lately to do anything.
I'm sorry, heights are the worst.
Did you find out who did it and publicly spray ketchup all over them.
If you just stay confident and believe in yourself I know you can do it!
Enjoy your time there!
Pizza is my lifeblood, along with beer.
I know the feeling when you get the items you ordered. I think the anticipation os more exciting then actually having them.
HA if only, If only people told you what they wanted like dogs do.
Yeah, I know that feeling.
did you complain? Or at least ask for a discount.
haha the best would have been the girls phone number
Ugh, yes like cant you tell from my body language I dont want to talk.
welll one day they will see you were right
I see, she is probably all rambunctious now.
I am envious of you.
great! I just took all of my finals last week.
Ok, I get it now.
OH my god! the ring scaed me half to death when it came out omg. IM scared thinking about it.
I hope they are attractive.
As you should be, you hurt your girlfriend's feelings.
Thats awesome- I wish I could do that like that impressive.
I am so envious of you.
Thats right.  the world is so scary now a days.
Wow I wonder what will happen now
imagine having a mean boss and having to wear that all day ha
Be happy dude cause your on to a new chapter in your life. But whatever you do make sure you wake up every day wanting to do it.
Yesh that can be hard to deal with, but I believe you will have it all one day too.
Oh no, how old was he? 
never be that way! you are amazing and perfect and awesome!
Maybe its time to launch your art career full time.
yes, i have been fighting my weight my whole life.
I hope it wasn't too scary for you and you can laugh it off now.
oh my, don't lift up your arms!
I agree, I guess they weren't a good friend after all 
i'm glad to hear that!
LOL I would be slightly upset im not gonna lie.
That's so reassuring to hear, that true love is still out there
Yes enjoy the weekend lol
I agree, just a read a boring book and you will be snoozing in no time
Keep doing things like that! Parents appreciate little thoughts like that more than we know
Yeah sounds like he needs a taste of his own medicine lol
Haha, well dogs do that. I highly recommend not letting the puppy lick your face while it's young
(*oops).  I hope you apologized to him.  If it was milk, I wouldn't cry over it too much.  ;)
I never took my dog to doggie school and I regretted it. She could have done with some more discipline. 
That's a good idea. I hope you have fun!
I'm sorry to hear that, I hope you can find something quickly.
Yea, it's not enough that you drive safe sometimes.
hahaha a party is a light way to put it.
OH! haha, well you learn something new every day. Noodles sounds good though
That was thoughtful of them.  It is always nice to have a fun surprise!
I don't blame you for that. I would do the same.
Well better be careful, you might end up opening someone else's mail lol
I usually feel better when I exercise, but I've been putting it off.
I guess it probably requires a lot of practice to get the technique down.
I understand that. There are way too many illnesses that are out of our control.
he is my pet.. i have had him 10 years.. he is about 70lbs now.. got two more little ones inside 
Good, nothing happened.
Guess you don't like her anymore then.
Do you have any kids of your own...or is he your main / only furbaby
Your hair must grow really quick!
I am sure your wife feels that she is the lucky one.
Well you should sit down with him and have a talk with him about it. 
I am glad. But I hope you are doing okay! Get out and meet some cool people (Easier said than done, I know).
maybe next time
Nope!  Try paintless dent repair. Its not too pricey and quick fix.
I understand. That is life.
Oh, either way that's still very generous of them and I'd certainly be grateful to have someone like that.
im staying in.. its raining cats and dogs
Oh that's pretty cool...is it full grown or still a baby
oh dang that stinks
That's disappointing. 
That's really great!
ah well good luck
Nice. Some leisure time is always good.
I think it's fun to buy one every now and then, but wouldn't be my go-to for entertaining gambling.
You should just get a half vegetarian. No need to punish your self like that.
heh
Oh I feel ya.  No kids yet so I'm soaking up all the freedom I can hahaha
Keep at it. Maybe one day you can start selling those drawings for money.
well at least you saw it then.. some people wont even try
Sometimes it is helpful to take a break and go home early.  It allows you to kind of reset.
yea i can understand that
What do you like about them>
Yeah, I guess that will be like a vacation for you.
ah yea it happens
Well I hope that it isn't serious and your dog makes it through
Is that what happened to her? My mother was like that as well. It's terrible to watch somebody you loved turn into someone else because of an addiction.
Lol , Maybe you could ask for another department
I just like the style, I want to show off with ever outfit.
You'll figure it out.  I believe in you
I hate that. I'm glad you're ok!
I understand regret over previous actions, but you just got to move forward.
It's definitly a really hard thing to do. Your friend must be really lucky!
i can see that
The powerball drawing is tonight ;)
Well I hope you have a good time!
Save up and sign up for deal alerts on expedia and other sites. It's really amazing how cheap you can get trips nowadays!
oh wow, thats good of you to be able to bring in dogs off the street.
well i wish you good luck on that one!
I'm sure that it will get better. Dogs are really smart so if you keep working with her I'm sure she will get it. 
Prepare then and you will feel better- either way it goes you will be prepared- so if it's bad- you will already have known and if it's not- then you will get surprised. Either way it won't rock your world.
That's pretty generous of you to adopt an abused dog, especially a pregnant one.  That's a lot of responsibility but I love pitbulls too so I would've done the same
Poor people are the hardest workers in america usually..It's corps that have a HUGE pay gap and the CEOs make ridiculous money while the people keeping the companies don't even make a living wage
Pets are great but they sure are tragic.
Man that does sound like a handful!
Why did you move away from home? That is cool to have a brother in highschool. Highschoolers usually aren't home much anyhow 
I feel the same about my mom! Wonderful! Remember to cherish them daily, as we never know what can happen and aren't promised tomorrow
Well, hopefully when it's all said and done it'll be be worth it. Best of luck with it.
Ha, its never bad to try though
oh that sounds good.
Ohhhhhh yeah that's no good. Still that happens to me all the time so I wouldn't worry too much about it. 
That's whats up
wow thats crazy.
Maybe he comes back or you find him
I guess ignore it for now
ah.. take it to the bank to find out
Well that's good! A little rest and relaxation is always good!
Excellent
Yikes! Did you get home okay? Normally I weave different ways when I think that
I am sorry, I hope tomorrow is different then
That's great that you have that kind of personal growth
that was back then when he was trying to do something great, the drive isnt there when you have already done it
always good to have friends like that
Oh wow. Don't think I've ever seen one of those.
exactly. it really drives me nuts when people feel like they entitled to this or that.
I wish you abundant joy, success health and wealth in all areas of your life.
Awesome I hope you enjoy it.  Don't get too fat.
That's really sad. Not being able to even know what's going on anymore.
Good officer for once! That is good to hear!
Some people should not be in charge of another living being.
Yuck
Some people are only out for themselves unfortunately.
80% wow that is cool.
LOOOOL! They go back in september here. Oh yey, relaxing time!
Nice.  Give the newbie a chance, I'm sure she'll come around.  What kind of work do you do
thats good that you are trying!
That sucks. I hate people who do stuff like that and don't take responsibility.
Have you been before? It seems like such a great way to both play and get a workout ;-)
Your brother is a lucky guy!
I do not like them either though
That all sounds horrible
Sometimes they are tired at the end of their shift. It happens
wow i wish i could be like you :)
Oh god, some dogs have to be watched a lot! Watch the shelters and put up flyers everywhere online
Hm that's pretty useful info right there...you must be quite the handyman/woman, I would've probably just bought another one lol
No idea what that means but it sounds good! lol
oh wow that sounds cool
That is great, I am glad you got it
Was it a long wait
good for you.
I am sorry you are going through that
Yeah no kidding. You caught a break.
I am glad to hear it.  I hope you get the new job!
i bet. i never play so i can't complain
ah, i get that. thats good.
That's pretty awesome keep grinding
I know that feeling for sure
Take it in stride. Humility is a great feature to have!
That can be scary. We live in the middle of nowhere so I really panic when I hear something. I totally understand
that is awesome. hope you enjoy yourself
Wow. That's quite a variety! Those cantaloupes will be delicious!
What kind were they
you probably need to think about setting up a search crew
That's good. Not much wasted then.
That's usually what I do.
Its a good thing to be healthy
Defenitly, sounds like something that you are your brother can share together and bond!
yea its great when things come together.
Well, atleast you will be happy for him and there.
Did you get them a late birthday present/
That is very smart to think about
i know right. and the aol and dial up screeching in the background
I hope you do not have to do that
Well, she's very lucky to have you during this tough time for her.
I'm sure it was a challenge getting him back home, at least you got some exercise haha
That's horrible!  Did you already have plans made for the trip?  I hope you can work it out with them, but if not maybe finding another job that is a bit more accomodating would be beneficial.
3 months isn't too bad. I hope he stays strong.
he'll get them next time.
Oh hahaha. A lot of my friends have been tweeting about that.
I am sure its a nice cat too
Texas.  It was in the 90's today.
Yeah, I hate it. Parents need to start raising their kids better.
I hope the one who doesn't want to return at least gets to spend more time with their friends.
well it might help you get rid of them a little quicker or find the underlying issue
I am glad, you deserve a treat every once and awhile
I guess you were hungru
I bet! Good luck, I hope you win some good money!
That's terrible, I hope you find someone soon.
yea thats understandable 
Yep. You should definitely do the things you wouldn't normally do with people around!
Haha must think you guys are the luckiest on the block.
Oh wow, that is great
Well, you're talking to me so that's something.
hate it
yea this is true
I am sorry you had to work then
That's great! Enjoy the weekend and have a good week!
well at least you made it safely through!
Oh wow, that is a lot of school
thats good.
That sounds very painful
I have that problem too. Most feel heavy and make me sweat. I really hope it's just right for you
Oh great! Hopefully a nice chunk of change :)
I am sure you can find help online
That's great to hear.  I'm glad it worked out.
i used to live in miami and that was a big deal when he was part of the white hot heat
thats wonderful to hear! take care.
I guess he has no care for anyone but himself
ah well in that case thats a good move.
Very cool lizards, I like their beards.
A mothers love is unconditional, she will forgive you :)
I am sure you will be okay
I can understand that - unfortunately some times we have to do those annoying things in order to keep things level.
Always that bad egg everywhere. It's people like that, that causes accidents.
yea we have the AC on way too much in the summers
That's smart, I think big weddings are a waste of money honestly.
You're right. They're pretty rare.
it was in the 90's today
i set the clocks ahead in the house and in the car .. it doesnt work all the time but it helps 
That's very unfortunate, hopefully that changes.
Dang. You sure told him!
Oh I can relate, I love food a lot and it's a curse and a blessing.
Your boss sounds pretty amazing. I want to work with you guys, hahaha.
Exactly! no one is going to take the warnings seriously!
That's amazing. I really am impressed for your dog.
I'm sure if he's a good brother he will understand. My family is always happy to receive food as a gift because it's made with love.
everyone needs to get out in the real world to stay sane!
wow, she is asking too much. Every kid want a horse.
haha that is great
Yes. Be safe. Call police in emergency.
I'm glad nothing happened.
That is very good.
Hopefully she can find something else quickly so she doesn't worry so much
hard work pays off as they say.
I guess he's confident that he can do well with any team.
I'm sure something really frustrating happened first.
Take it as a compliment.
The pain never really goes completely away, but it does get easier to deal with.
Don't worry. She will recover. I will pray for her
Oh wow, that is low! Hate men like that, that won't support their children.
That is great.  I sure they are very thankful for the lep
Im sorry to hear that! Maybe next time it will be better or try another way to travel that is better.
I'm so sorry. I hope she makes it up for her.
Yes, today's kids! They just stick to their ipad.
He is pretty amazing!
That's good! I know insurance can be a pain to deal with!
That is a very solid truck that you have.
That's horrible. I hope you can find a way to recoup what was lost quickly and move on.
Oh wow, that certainly sounds like a sad movie for sure!
I hope to move into a house next year
That's scary, i hate driving in storms.
I understand, I'm sure your family misses you as well. Maybe you can meet half way for the holidays.
I'm sure it'll go fine. Usually the jitters are worse than it actually is
Oh well, I am sure they have moved on
ohh that's cool. I have never been there at such place. But, I am happy for you.
That sounds bad, I feel bad for you
ah yes, those were the days - the carefree days of summer!  Now we just work - LOL!
Oh that sounds so nice
it was like monsoon weather here too. it's depressing and my garden is suffering
haha I'm sure it'll be a good story to tell and hopefully you can laugh about it now.
yeah, I can understand that.  Maybe next time you'll get to go and he'll have to work!
I am sorry, just be yourself
Nice, I love thigns like that, so important I feel.
Its good he has such good care
It's the same with me and my finacee. We'll just go somewhere nice for dinner or something. That childhood magic was the best.
That's too bad. Good luck with that.
Sounds like a smart girl
i get that. i wish we had children so my husband could do that.
I hope that you all meet and exceed your goals.  It's great to have goals to work towards.
I would be too. Well maybe you'll get a better grade than him next year
But don't feel dejected. Your time will come. I pray for your bright future.
What kind of car
Oh I love those! Well at least you can go over and play with it anytime you want without having to clean up after it lol
I'm sorry you won't get to see him this weekend - perhaps you can have a nice long phone call or skype or something to catch up until you can see him again.
That does sounds sounds to me
That is a nice feeling
I should make time to go though
Mine are in 1st, 6th, and 9th grade this year so I know what you mean.
Don't be too hard on yourself.
Hopefully, he will forget about it.
that is important. like my grandma always tells me "like attracts like" so be what you want to attract to you.
Maybe a quick shot to the beach.
I hope you do well
That sucks. Maybe you can go next weekend
What! It's not even a salad without a ton of lettuce! I hope you called and complained!
That's a great feeling to have. A job well done.
Hopefully it will be sunny then
That
That sucks.
That is hard when you are young.  My family moved around a lot until I was 13.
I am really happy for you. Hope i'll be a dad one day.
Yes, I have family in Nashville and they said it's been hot!
Ah, so not just a little town festival - ya'll did it big!!  It sounds amazing!
That's brutal, my cat plays with her kills too.
That's rough, being an adult has it's perk though!
Sounds scary, I hope they aren't involved in drugs or crime.
You must be so proud of her!
Well that's good that yo didnt do it
Thats cool! Spoil yourself and use it for something fun.
I love watching the deer around our area - they are so cute!  I'm glad it sounds like you had a great time.
I'm glad to hear that, must've been a pain to wait.
She was studying Hospital Administration.  Funny thing though, I'm studying accounting myself right now.
As long as it's done and you stay committed I'm not to far from you I start back the 31st of this month as well and I waited 5 years to go back we got this.
That is just disrespectful!  He should have stayed on his own stairs if he was going to make a mess like that!
Wow! How old is she
Still cute though, you must be proud.
I never win anything
Smart thinking! Cats are always good scapegoats lol
Why do you want them to be babies again?  That sounds like a lot of waking up in the middle of the night.
Way better then this music today I turn the radio off on this wack music today no dancing for me lol.
Oh yeah, that's huge talent right there! I really wish I was like that!
I know that feeling. I still have a few more years.
Life is short. Fill it with some does of such moments to live and remember when you become old
Thanks always good, poor kid must be sad.
Wow yes they do they must be stress free and have good genes to look so young hopefully the kids don't disturb you though lol. 
It's difficult but it can be nice to connect.
That's awesome, I have no luck with those.
Awe huskies are the cutest dogs ever!
Well it could be worse. You'll do better next time I'm sure of it.
Awesome! Maybe a recruiter from a good college will see them play and give them a scholarship!
You're so kind she will love that.
Beautiful! Wish you many many more
Math is really hard but I got faith in you. You're gonna make an A+ I know it.
I have two daughters myself, so I know where you are coming from.
Oh that sucks
I hope not too, you'd be better off keeping it.
How old is he that is great my daughter is 5 I think that will be one of my goals for the remainder of the summer teaching her the basics of swimming without her life jacket. 
What a night lol
Well you're the smart one, make sure you wait for the right person before you get married!
Me too. I have one more day
Well, hang in there. I know it sucks but eventually the right person will come along
I remember days like that - they always seem to last forever!
my little sister is the same way, these new kids my dad would make me go landscaping with him for my back to school clothes
I think you got this. Don't stress it.
That sounds lovely
It's the worst, I like to play some priest.
Aww - I'm glad he surprised you like that!
Well that's very loyal of you. I'm sure your boss will appreciate it. Maybe you'll get a promotion!
Good idea
Hey that might be a good idea! Nobody knows what you like better than you!
that makes no sense lol
I understand. I remind me when I was kid.
That's awful, I would recommend some posters.
Awe how cute! Huskies are some of the funniest dogs! They always have the funniest expressions!
Well at least you didn't run off after it happened like some would have done.
Good luck! not like you'll need it :)
that was really nice!! you must have been chuffed for him!!
That's scary, if someone younge ate that and didnt know!
just study harder, youll pass eventually i assure you that 
Yeah, that really sucks. At least it's easier to keep up with people online these days.
I hate onions too, even if I pick them off I can still taste them on the burger. So gross.
You're so lucky to have that to remember her by
Lol! Well I'm sure that's not the case! It's cliche for sure but the right person really comes along when you're not expecting it a lot of the time!
haha  good for you, especially taking from husband  and eating his portion it must have been damn good
Oh no! I'm sorry to hear that. At least now you have a reason to travel
Huskies are the best breed! They're so derpy and cute!
That's no good, sorry to hear that, you didn't mean too though!
That's fun. Ever been there, it's super fun.
But you did and look at you now, miss hottie! 
Yeah some are a little too intense
I hate being a grown up, I wish I could go back to the good old days.
Jesus, that's a lot. Keep your doors locked and a chainsaw handy. Hopefully he's caught soon.
You could always throw yourself a party. That way you can invite who you want, and avoid seeing people you don't want. Haha
am pleased for you
Yep, good lecturers always help when you're learning.
Make sure to keep in touch!
That's not a bad way to spend your day.  That can be just as fun if you get the right kind of movies.  
That's still an impressive accomplishment! If they didn't buy it, that just means you get to take it down by yourself again!
That sounds like fun. I think you definitely got your money's worth.
Well make sure you stay inside and lock your doors and windows and don't answer your door!
That is quite an accomplishment and you should be proud!
I know what you mean, I feel that way every time my kids go to their grandparents house too.
Haha that's awesome! Sounds like you had a fun time with it!
I know, it's like it's not that hard to just put them in an ash tray or put it out and throw it in a trash can.
Well sometimes cats like to roam around. I hope he comes back soon. I love cats
Thats how I felt I cried for days, it still doesnt seem real.
yeah you will do it for sure. i know it
me too, i use it for work , to relax and play games or watch movies on it 
Yeah but kids dont care, Everything is theirs to them,
Maybe she will. Vets are amazing and can do a lot nowadays to save animals. 
Wow! That is kind of messed up!
I agree, good co-workers are a must.   I have a good co-workers at my job that I can rely on as well.
Just cherish her being little all you can. I wish mine were still little like her. 
Oh noooo! That should be illegal!
That's so rare in teenagers! Sounds like you did a great job raising him.
Yes you can! Just get some hard candy to keep your mouth busy. That helped me the one time I was able to quit.
ughhh, I am goiing to make a PPJ sandwich right now.
Thats very true, I dont know how I would feel.
Fine. Have fun with the money!
thats awesome, I am happy for you, sometimes the past seems like better days
i'm happy for you!
Oh. Maybe you should buy plastic stuff then lol
yes i wish i could see old photos of my parents 
Wow. You have already lived much of your life. I am just 25 and about to start my own. Hopefully it would be filled with children like yours
I've always wondered if cryptocurrency is as confusing as investing in stocks.  Cryptocurrency reminds me of the Dot.Com frenzy.
I have one in pre-k and an 8th grader now. Makes me feel so old
Wow with a kid involved that's a big no no! I'm sorry you're going through this
Yes and i know they will, and you will lice a very happy life.
Nice. But i do not think gambling is a wise way of putting your hard earned money
She sounds like she enjoyed it though lol
Yes! you will be happy with a boy, you can teach him to be a man.
I haven't been in a while now.
that sucks, I wish i didnt gave to work so much either, I just want to travel.
Oh sorry! I hope you have lots of fun!
I bet she feels the same about you
MAybe try having a serious talk
It does seem to be getting worse and it doesn't appear like it will get better.
it would have been worth a wait!!
She didn't have to yell
My tv sed to do that. Then they moved my satellite
wow my friend at work was born in japan , she married a u.s. solder then moved here 
Oh that's awful. I hope your back can improve as well as your odds on the lottery.
Thats good,  I bet she will have such a fun time.
Yuck! I hope you get rid of them quick and easy
Well that maybe hasnt happened to every one
yes just playing outside all the time, no smartphones no snapchat
Thats too bad
Always be positive :)
yes exactly, in foreign countries they have sometimes mandatory vacation time!
lol , my dad would make us mow lawns around the neighborhood with his mower, and got us small landscaping gigs to pay for our video games or clothing 
I have a lot of cousins too
Awesome! I look forward to nap time with my toddler lol
Divorce him
That's awful.
Yeah, It happens always.
Come on. You should grow up. What a petty concern you have
if he loves you , it wont matter i am sure everything will work out at the end
Hopefully she doesnt!
MY sister doesn't even say bless you if I sneeze lol
Hope you you can do this time. 
oh. I never went to college. 
Now you have learned a valuable lesson and know how she really feels toward you
I hope you meet somebody then
school can be hard on anyone , especially socialiazing with other students 
i do like halloween though
I know. I shold do better
Don't be so pessimistic. I am single too, but i did not lose my hope. There is always someone who will be interested in you
I'm ashamed to say I don't really follow politics too closely.
Nice, I met the one 6 years ago I was 25
me too
yes. a first cousin. Cancer sucks
To be honest, it seemed quite childish for me
That's exciting! First day of school can be stressful.
I believe you will do better next semester, cheer up buddy
Oh that's horrible. Yes, you have overcome a lot it sounds like! Your outlook seems great now.
Yes, I have one credit card 
That sounds very nice, so glad you have that dress.
Yeah that will help a lot.  however do not blame yourself very much.It ain't entirely your fault
Good idea. That way she will learn self-discipline and flexibility
That's awesome. Sounds like you have a great set of friends.
That's a good spot then
Well I am sure you did the best you could with it. 
oh ok, that good you took safety precaution and others from getting harm by doing that, welldone
haha, i finally meet someone who is like me, game on buddy
Me too - it would stop so much hate and bitterness.
Right! I had only played the leaked beta from back in the day. That's the one I am most excited about!
Perhaps you should get different insurance.
All it takes is just a smile and a hello and at least you have one now. Me!
Valid point, Opportunity and skill sets are different 
I'm sure you'll have a great time. I've been a few tiomes but only for work so never seen the sights.
It's so nice to find someone that caring and kind! 
i am sure you wont miss it
Oh, I see.   I guess its kinda hard to give a friend you have a long time over a lie they told.   Hopefully he/she had a good reason to tell the lie then.
That sounds like a great job.
It is so sad that he died.
People sure does that when they have trouble
Everywhere? What do they look like?#
Oh,i hope it did not hurt you
I'm glad you enjoyed it. 
Oh yeah that is a really nice one!
i know right, but what can we do, he is the president :)
You can report yourself to the police.
I'm not sure everyone agrees. But I'm not American so I can't judge it fairly
Good for you. I hope you will
Perhaps you should join Facebook.
I'm sure you'll be fine
Yeah it's very sad
I'm looking forward to it too
That always makes it interesting
At least it wasn't a robber.
last time I saw him, he was playing pretty rough so it's neat to hear he's back on track
Just remember that it is only one interview. 
But maybe some people aren't as consientous as you and did get into accidents
ah well thats true
That stinks, nothing you can do.
me too , good thing is all passengers were rescued from last week's 
I prefer Chicago Deep Dish Pizza.
Oh wow that's cool! I bet it was fun to hang out with.
yea thats probably true
oh that sounds interesting
I love Manchester United.
oh ok. Just be hopeful that he won't find out
That's hard to lose someone so close to you. At least their memory will live on forever with you.
That would be a smart move.
I just do not like the sauce and too much bread.
It's not fair - but I suppose the opposite view is that if they make enough money then you don't need the support that otehr people do.
I am sure she didn't like that.
I hope it works out well for you buddy
i wish you good luck!
oh no. sorry to hear about your pig.
Nice. I love creamy pasta sauces
That's a good way of looking at it. It really boggles the mind.
I don't think they can... yet. But I'm rooting for them anyway.
well at least it brought back some good memories!
yea i dont see why thats allowed on tv, how is that not animal cruelty
I love to fish. There'll be other chances though
thats all that matters!
That sounds very interesting.
It definitely can't hurt. Good luck on the interview!
I heard about a baby who's first words were "Hey, Google"
Then all is well!
That sounds like fun!
well there is always the next game!
I would've been so embarrassed if that was me. At least you've got a funny story to tell people.
This is normal, maybe you should take so time alone to think about how you really fell about the situation. Anger  can make you do things that you will regret later. 
Confidence is definitely a good things to have when going on a date.   I bet your looked great!
Well its best not to think about it too much. Being angry will not help at all. 
You have some great people at work!
Yeah, like you suggest, it is the little considerations of the other person's needs that can make the difference between an okay and a really good flatmate.
Yeah, it will take some for the pain to go away.
I'm glad you're ok
I see, you must me so proud of him.
Old memories
That is so cute! That must make you proud
Division 1 is pretty prestigious.  That is very cool, indeed.
That sounds really scary, I'm so glad it all turned out fine.
That is wonderful! Great wait to start the upcoming holiday season.
As you should! You should put back the money that you stole.
True, I hope you can fight those urges.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope he stops soon.
Good on you. The spider is probably thankful for that. It didnt mean to scare you.
Oh congratulations!  I am so happy for you!
Are you serious? That's so childish. I wouldn't let it bother you even though I know thats easier said than done.
Its all down to hard work. You deserve to be there. 
He must be a hard worker!
Yep, childhood was the best time. Its best to remember these things every now and then.
I would have done the same thing. Some people have no respect.
It must have been the best feeling in the world. I am glad you felt it too.
How many people does it hold? I have five kids so we have a minivan. 
You must be a great parent!
Oh wow, I would have thought maybe an animal had gotten in
Oh my, sorry to hear that. I am sure there is another job out there for you.
In the medical clinic I bet quiet nights were ok.
That says a lot about your spouse, when losing your pet is worse. 
That is a pretty good girlfriend to buy you a new phone.
Ooo wine, a classy bunch of folk you are!
I agree, high quality work deserves to be read by a broader audience. 
Yep, it sounds like you are starting your day off on the right foot.  Hope mine goes as well as yours seems to be going so far.
I wish I could dance like that! Too bad I am only good with computers!
At least once it's over, it's over. I would consider other airlines next time! I would also write a complaint letter. 
Cool
I am very happy for you.
Oh no! What a horrible thing to happen. I'm sorry to hear that.
Hahaha hahaha, u can see that you like good things. I missed that with you.
You must be very hungry
Oh my, I hope you dont feel scared living alone
I'm sure all the work will be worth it in the end!
Ah I've heard of them, they used to be played on some of the local rock stations. Love a tour t-shirt, always means you might make a friend if you wear it out as other fans are bound to compliment you!
Oh thank goodness it was nothing serious.
It would make sense. If you two are doing the same work job, it's only fair that you evenly divide the housework as well.
That is great. I stress myself out over things and I think by doing that it makes things worse.
Maybe next time ask her. I hope you pay her back when you can.
Yup, they cheat the system and then get a huge refund back
That does sound scary! I hope you at least enjoyed it a little! 
Nice, hopefully you many good writers and keep in touch with them!
Nice. Im sure you will have lots of fun doing it.
Where did you guys hike? Did you stay over night
At least you had a good experience. I definitely feel you on the responsibilities part!
I agree, there are great ways to buy unique things 
That's wonderful. It makes all the difference to have people you can trust, especially when you are not feeling well. 
I am not a big fan but I go fishing once or twice a year.
That would help me out quite a bit too!
Im sure your very worried. Please get help and call the police. I know it can be nervewrecking.
It must have been very devastating. But remember him for all the good times.
That's awesome! Good luck I'm sure you will do great.
It's good you have those great memories, though!
Oh wow, I would have called the police.
That is so crazy!
I hope you get that cleaned up.
That's pretty impressive.  I don't think I could manage that.,
I can see how your frustrated. Maybe you can talk to your dad about it. 
I'm a division 1 strength coach.
Its a very confident attitude
I agree, but I also enjoy my independence. 
That's quite a bummer!
I agree. You should double check everything to make sure its there. It will help with the worry and anxiousness about it. 
I see, you must be very prepared and talented to compete in such a thing.
Yes! What univerisyt it it form
I agree, you should talk to your friend to be more committed to the plans.
Yeah make sure he knows that!
I can agree how you can feel amazed about. Maybe I will get one so I can be amused just like you. 
I would have done the same thing.
I understand.
I would see if you can escalate it. Talk to the corporate level. 
I bet! They're really cool cars with personality
I'm sure they would enjoy that quite a bit. They can make memories just like you did.
Well, just never go back to that bar and make all new friends!
That sucks.  Maybe you need to be a bit more careful until its fully healed.
Thats what you should do
I know, it is true. You just have to try to focus on the good, I suppose. 
I know it's hard when they first go off for college, but it sounds like you raised her well.
How long did it take to write? I always admire the stamina of people who can write a book. 
That's okay. It happens to everyone! 
I'm sorry. People can be greedy and unempathetic.
I imagine it was very complicated for you when you did not have a job, that happened to me once and I felt very distressed.
Nice.
Sounds like youre in a good place. Congratulations!
Did they used to take you? They can be so exciting. 
That is wonderful. I hope you have a great time!
That sounds like a very sensible philosophy. 
It sounds delicious! What a good friend. 
Im sure it was very scary for you. Your such a brave person with alot of courage to do so. 
Yeah. Must be a smooth ride. Lucky guy!
That is true about the waste.  I would sue for compensation.  I think the law is on your side regarding this issue.
I am glad to hear it.  It is a lot more productive to focus on the future than the past.
Good luck with that.
Ok,thats a lot better
It should have cleared it. I once left bread for two weeks when I went home for winter vacation.
It takes a lot more skill than it appears to!
Awesome! I hope it goes smoothly and that everything works out great for you!
No. There's definitely something wrong if they won't call a pest control company.
Congratulations.
Nice.
Oh wow, that must be embarrassing to deal with. Sounds like they are going through a financial situation, but they should at least talk to you about it since you two are friends.
Don't forget marshmallows!
Do not let it get you down.  There are plenty of people out there who are jerks.
Sounds frusterating. I hope your next one is more dependable. 
I bet it was! That's pretty quick for them to get the power back on actually. In my city it would take a full day.
This will be fun! I bet your full of joy right now!
I'm pleased to hear that, the security guard sounds brave. Still, it must have been very stressful!
I don't think I would ever order from that place again!
haha I would have run too!
Very happy for you! To many more!
I am glad he is back home and safe again.  You must be relieved.  
I wish I can win like you, I have never won anything before
That's unfortunate but, an emergency is an emergency.
That's good to know!  I would be super excited if I were you!
Cats are always getting into things they shouldn't, but I still love them
That sounds like a lot of fun! I have never been there
Ah, such a classic breakfast! You can't really go wrong with that.
Impressive.   Is she looking forward to her next game? 
That stinks!  Hopefully you are not to mad because of it.  Flat tires happen to the best of us!
Hopefully he hasn't changed too much and you guys still have similar interests!
I am sure you will get there, I meant to say. Don't rush or settle and I am sure you will find something perfect. We bought our first house on Friday!
Oh dear. Well next time you are at the store, get two cartons!
Last hurricane I was without power for a whole month. It was miserable. 
That's very true. Another thing I did was find a Trader Joe's or some sort of store and stock up on decent food. Eating alone's no fun, but at least you're safe and nourished!
I'm glad you didn't pass out! I don't know if I would be able to go through with it.
I hope she would find one as it seems now the economy is really competitive
It could end today if everyone came to an agreement.
Great preparation indeed! 
I wouldn't want to be either that sounds terrifying!
I bet.  That was a great surprise I am sure.  Enjoy your vacation!
I can tell the frusteration in your tone. I would go above your supervisor since nothing has been done. Otherwise you will stay frustrated and angry. 
I do too! I'm always worried I'm going to throw up!
At least you did the right thing and didn't yell at the kid yourself.
There are many types of loans out there, so hopefully you get one! It will also help you build your credit. 
Wow! I bet you were so happy for her. I can tell by the joy in your words
Yes that happens but, I'm not really understanding the context of your comment...
Yes,its well deserved,very wrlcomed
Yeah makes me nervous to know what and how it will turn out. Hopefully everything will turn out good for the best. 
I wouldn't be able to move the next day! I hope you rewarded yourself after all of that hard work!
I can see that. I guess this is why we can't have nice things.
I am sorry to hear that.  Maybe he will find his way back home some day.
That's very sad, I'm sorry to hear that
I am sure you will enjoy it. 
Food always makes the party! 
That must have made you feel happy! I can tell!
That's all you really can do. I hope you find that you heal in time.
That is good.  I like to pay most of my bills online too
I hope it all goes okay for you. Trust your instincts about doing it or not.
Wow, I bet that was pretty interesting to look through and remember those days gone by.  I hope the reminiscing was all good memories.
Those type of people are really difficult to deal with. I hope he is open to change.
You will be fine! Dont overthink. Just make it a happy day. 
You seem like a trusting guy. there are not too many of those these days
I know! It can be sentimental at times! You will grow along with them. Enjoy the ride
he didn't punish you... he punished himself! That makes no sense 
Well that's good to hear!
I'm sorry. I hope memories of your dog bring you comfort.
Well, if you don't, you won't be the only one.
Hmm maybe try some propolis. That works for me, and I have horrible allergies.
That is kind of them
Sometimes we do things that we don't regret at the moment but do later on down the road.
We've lost several with our girls over the  years.  I understand.
You will be okay and get better.
I don't like snakes either 
Yes, I can understand that. I'm sorry you don't have anyone to read with. Hopefully that will change in the near future.
Oh wow, I misunderstood what cheating meant in this context. You can always bounce back and redeem your diet.
I'll never go to your house in that shape.
My husband always says alcohol makes them acceptable.  lol
I hate spiders and frogs, and snakes.
I think i will most likely die before i am thirty.
I'm so sorry to hear that. I know pets are just like family.
My dog is also like family to me, so i understand.
To each their own. I have 3 and to be honest, I'm glad they are getting older. Babies suck.
I do not eat chicken, but i would have loved the brisket!
That's a perfect way to end the day.
Yep, probably would have been happier at some hometown diner.
I agree. It's about time society caught up.
ok you have a greate time enjoy
I've been to florida once. I went to universal and adventure island parks. so much fun! I hope you guys enjoy your time there
That is just crazy, they should not disrupt the complex like that.
nice! Happy belated birthday :) I hope you had a wonderful time with your friends
You should have placed a bet since you were so confident. You could have won a bundle.
I like to spend money on food alot.
It's so frustrating!  My dog is elderly so it's been happening more.
That sounds better than I had thought.
That is true.  I have lost packages in the past.
One day i'll try one of those.
He's a beautiful reason to get up
She will always be with you.
You can get good looks for cheap! Look at second hand clothes, I've bought lots of designer stuff used.
I can barely walk much less imagine that.
Oh, that must be pleasant to remember the good days with.
I try to forget about how bad it really all is.
Wao,thats good,it s so refreshing
Keep talking to them and they will make sure you go first.
That's fantastic news! Congratulations to all of you - him for working so hard and passing, and you for being so patient and understanding.
One advice. Don't freak out when the plane go through some turbulence. It is normal and will only last for couple of minutes
Don't think that way!  There is always something to look forward to!
That is awful and I bet your husband feels really bad. I would be really mad though.
that's not good! That's stealing. if you needed money you should've just asked them for it. You need to tell them what you did
You should have checked the entire house!
Okay I see your point, I think they make really eye catching shoes.
That's really awesome. they sound like amazing people. 
I need to google him. I've never even heard that phrase lol
Oh ok that's a good idea.
I hate that feeling so much.
Come on, you can do it.
The winter is where i spread my wings and grow.
That's a very complicated way to say November.
I have bad road rage.
really? we have been trying for 6 years so it's been difficult
well i am sure many people do not want to have kids.
your previous conversation. no worries. I love Disney haven't been in 10 years but i love it
Confusion runs deep in me.
That's very true!
I'll always be for you.
That's great to hear! I'm glad you kept him around!
good thing is they heal pretty fast and you don't need a cast or anything like that
I remember Calc II, it can be difficult, but if you practice it's not so bad.
I am not really good at chemical science and had much difficulties during high school. Enjoy your moment. You deserved it
i do but they wont come visit and i can't afford to go visit
Sometimes you just have to reach out to people. Oftentimes other people are feeling the same way and you don't even realize it. 
Oh, okay. Take good care of him and he'll always love you.
I'm so glad they are recognizing you for all your efforts.  It feels so nice to be commended for a job well done.
I'll be sure to check this out! My brother has a switch I can "borrow"!
Sounds like a wonderful day-long event, hope you enjoy it!
That's very true. 
Some people get jealous when other people are doing well, so you are truely a good friend
Yeah, but now you can go out and make your mark in the real world. 
Hope you guys celebrate and eat something good for dinner tonight!
Are you going to dinner together or something? 
Yeah, I can see that! Not much you can do though to prevent it. Except for living as healthy as possible!
You can get the pills, the patch or that bracelet to help.
That is great to keep things that remind us of our loved ones
Absolutely, that makes me want to go look at some pictures.
Oh no! I would be trying to find another place if I were you, or tell him to find one!
Well if you study hard I'm sure you will do fine. 
True. Well, whatever you decide to do I wish you the best!
That is the illusion of winning when in reality you are expected to lose
No, that is normal.
i know. I had an anxiety when i first started coming to the gym. I didn't know how to use a couple of machines so i stayed on tradmill the whole time
That's sad, I'm sorry to hear that!
My family is my whole world.
Hopefully you don't have to go through anything like that again.
Hey that really stinks. I hope that you can find someone to sit with you.
That's hilarious! They sure do! My kids look forward to them!
Yeah , sometimes stuff looks way better on the model.
Childhood was a lot easier
They make so many sacrifices for us. I love to spoil mine on Mother's Day.
Yes definitely. My thoughts are with you, I hope he still has many years left.
It can! The quiet can be so calming
its very critical situvation
wow, well I'm glad this all seemed to work out for you!
thats usually what happens, lol. 
Hmm, perhaps it means something really bad happened there. I would give the Ghostbusters a call.
Yeah they deserve it!
Oh that's a neat feature, I'm sure they taste better when they're fresh.
That's good to hear, all well that ends well.
Do you think she will ever give you a second chance? 
Losing a pet is tough for everyone. I completely understand the grief.
I'm sure she is.  All the fish flakes she can eat.
I wish your cat the best.  I know it must be hard
You sound really well prepared!
That's quite a big slip up... I'm not even sure how you'd do that.
Yeah it is good to think about the good ol' days!
How lucky!  Don't get crazy though.  invest form the future.
Strange the receptionist did that. I bet everyone wanted to pet the puppy!
I'm sure it was a huge relief not having to worry about loans. I'm still dealing with mine and I graduated in 2008.
I am sure it does.  I am really sorry about all of that.
I know how you feel. Just know that it gets better and try to think about the great life he had because of you and your love!
i will be staying at home 
That sounds very lonely and sad.
I see. I usually reflect a lot on new years, thinking of the past, and looking to the future.
right it would be awesome to have 3 days off, but this is the real world 
yes, i believe you are
I bet you two will have a long and great marriage!
Good for you.  There's nothing quite like the sense of pride assocaited with building something!
That does suck, well maybe you guys can work something out to see each other every so often.
Just a month? Not that long to wait, but better be careful in the meantime so you won't be left somewhere far from help.
Good luck, and a future congratulations on killing it!
I'm glad she's got you to look after her.
I hope you enjoy it!
Oh I've read that, That is a really good book, I even enjoyed the movie as well.
Well at least you can say you tried. Sometimes teenagers need to figure it out on their own.
It is very difficult, but I've see marriages recover from that position - but it takes years to build up that trust again properly. I wish them all the best
I'm sorry, maybe a nose plug would come in handy
we cant win them all , but work always comes first 
Well, look at the bright side - you got a cake for the anniversary of you becoming a parent to your daughter, and your daughter still gets cake.  I kinda think everyone wins there!
It really is! I hope that you have a good time!
You should have a talk with him and let him know how you feel.
I hope they at least fixed it for you!
That is great! I'm sure they will enjoy it like you did!
Smart move. Wish I could do stuff like that. You should be very proud of yourself :)
Ah, yeah, I struggled with that too, but if you try hard enough you will get through it.
Awesome, you will have a blast. Make sure to stay safe.
Awww! That's great!
Lol pour water on it next time. Always does the trick!
Yeah the only way he will learn is if he figures it out by himself. 
Oh no! You can't do that to your friend! You'll find the right single person in time!
Stay positive!
I love burgers! You're making me hungry!
you're a good parent. Keep up a good work
Thats what you have to put up with with the wrong neighbors
Oh congratulations, you must be smart!
Haha, I bet, when she becomes a pro you can say you've been her fan since day one!
Well perhaps you got a lemon. I would ask for a new car if it happens again.
That's awesome that you have such a great partner! 
I bet that was such a relief for you guys!
I'm sure he will! Best of luck to him!
Yeah, I understand, they should at least give you a discount!
Probably! Makes me feel better now lol
That's so awesome. I wish my godmother did that!
And think one day she may be able to save your life haha.
Yeah its the worst when they don't own up to it, makes me want to use the competitors service just to spite them. Very annoying.
Yes and also explain to them you noticed you were doing it. They'll understand
That's a lot for anyone, lol
You could always make a collage with your favorite pictures! 
Well stay focused and work hard! You got this!
Sounds like a plan.
I'm not surprised. It also helps me play better!
It'll be a good experience at the very least, good luck!
that is sad. why would he gossip! that's so low
Just keep your mind occupied with other important stuff
I think you will do fine! You will be in love at first sight for your!
Wow, that's impressive, she might get a scholarship one day!
I hope the doctor can help you get the pain away!
That's good, no body should ever cheat in my opinion!  At least end the relationship first.
Well he sounds really irresponsible. I would make him pay for the damages. 
Plus they are so small it's harder to kill them for me. Flies are larger so I have an easier time getting rid of them.
I'd say that is definitely true for you now.
Call her back then since you miss her like crazy
Wow that is disgusting
I love the beach! I'm sure you'll have a great time there.
Haha sorry, I've been in that position and chose to sleep on the couch because of it!
I would be the same without my wife too!
Ouch, I'm very sorry for your loss! You did your best, and I'm sure he is in heaven now looking over you!
Well, yes if there is a child involved, then you've got to deal with him at some point.  I hope it goes well for you though.
Thanks, I will look into it! Maybe get caught up before the new movie comes out!
Sounds great!  What a good idea your mom had!
I can imagine eww
Aww shoot, I lost a dog when i was little in a very tragic way as well. I miss that big guy, he was like a brother to me. Hope you're doing good now, he's in a good place.
That's awesome! Good luck with your diet!
That is good.  It will make you quite happy.  I couldn't imagine life without my kid now!
Oh well, shake it off and keep flaunting that nice car! :)
Yum that sounds delicious! I'm a vegetarian as well, I will have to look into the recipe for that!
That's awesome that you had such a great support network to help you. 
They are kinda like rats with wings.
There's always next time, forgive yourself and help the next pupper you see!
That is great! I have a dog that I adopted in similar circumstances. 
Damn, i can't imagine ever going through that. I hope it was something minor and didn't affect you too much.
Hope you enjoy your week off! Sounds like you earned it :)
Wow he sounds like jerk!
What an interesting field - my husband would love to say that was his profession!
How annoying, but would be wise imagine it jumping on you while you sleep.
Oooh, that'll be really good. It aught to be really comfortable too.
Oh yeah, gets too cold. I've always wanted one of those concrete pools. I'm stuck with an above ground one for now until i get enough money for one. 
Thats thoughtful!\
You can take out a loan, but good luck, I hope you get it!
That is horrible!  I hope they realize that their reaction was not exactly nice.
Yeah that is a really suckying thing to do to you. 
Ok ,he shouldn't have stopped! Other kids deserves it too
That is good to hear. I am sure she will be fine.
That's great! I'm a bit jealous.
Oh i've heard of that show, never got around to seeing it though. That sucks!
Congratulations, it sounds like you've really made it. I envy you.
Hey you are being too hard on yourself. I'm sure your boss would prefer it done well and not rushed. 
Yes! My kids cried too 
It's definitely not for everyone. You either love them or you don't.
Definitely. Hold on to those.
Yep, they're always there for you no matter what
Really? What was the main disappointment? 
Uhmmnn! never knew you had room mates
Yeah, or buy pants without zippers. But don't stress it, i'm sure whoever saw it didn't really mind!
I've flown but not much and never left the country either. I hope y'all have fun :)
Yes, I hate that. I usually end up going back and getting some more just for me.
Yeah the heat isn't as bad but mix it with humidity and you've got the worst possible combination. Its terrible!
That's great to hear! My papa is getting older too. It's nice to be able to spend time with him.
Oh that sounds really fun and I bet she will love it all. I'm jealous :)
well, thats how fate would have it
I know how frustrating it can be when we receive so an awful service.  They should train people to do a better job.
I lost a goldfish once. She was my best friend.
lol - yeah I can relate. Kids can be a real handful when they don't have structure - as in during the summer months.
Okay now I understand... COMPLETELY! I deal with that daily! I am ready to give up on ever cleaning again.
If it's too traumatic for him, you can always try to put him back.
hahaha that sounds about how I would have reacted! I once saw my shadow on the blinds in my living room. I sat there frozen thinking someone was outside. Then, I moved and the shadow did too!
Yes it does, I wish her the best! early adulthood is the best time!
Oh yes, I know what you are saying. I've never been into GOT but I've heard it's good. 
I hope so too. That is just not right. They could have left a note at least.
Well,it would be a whole new experience for you
i can only imagine!
Don't wish, demonstrate. Do something that reflects what type of supervisor you're going to be. People love previews.
I get it. It does seem like they are always coming out with another version.
I can imagine. That's the problem with planning outside events - we can't dictate the weather. You should try planning something outdoors in Scotland, where I'm from - soggy food every time!!
Well I am no cancer expert. Probably should get a second opinion from a doctor.
Yea, it tends to be kinda gross. My teacher had us dissect fish as well and I prefere that much more for some reason
It is so good to have someone that is trustworthy no matter what you tell them.  I'm glad you have a friend like that.
That's so sad... The best thing you can do is spend lots of time with her and make every minute count. I wish you all the best.
Some people prefer to be alone. Whatever makes them happy I suppose.
I hope you can share it on social media so that the whole world can share in the fun :)
i am too, i hope we can make a change before it is too late
No, its fine! Enjoy your day off, I definitely would if I were you!
That sounds terrifying! I've never been in a car accident, and sure wouldn't like to be in one.
That is so fun!  Memories are always a wonderful thing to have
It is good to appreciate what we have, not opine for what we don't have.
Nice, buddy he will thank you for it when he grows up
I'm glad he's getting better with his speech and I hope he continues to improve!
That's great. Some people can go through college and still don't know what they want to do.
if your happy there i would stay if not seek the better pay in a different town 
Well it will probably never happen again so don't worry about it to much
Pictures are a great way to remember the past. I treasure every picture. Each holds a special memory.
They sound like my kids. I hope they start behaving better for you.
Poor thing had no clue why you were mad
thats nice
Yeah get that right.  Make sure you don't fail it four times!
Good idea. I hope they aren't too much of a handful until then!
Oh no, that is a long time to be sitting in trash basically.
i wouldnt doubt it!
yes I always pay attention to the reviews and peoples personal comments, they can often be priceless!
Oh, I see what you mean. That's frustrating!
That is the best feeling!
Yeah, I would've definitely quit once I saw that.
I bet! Time to get him trained a little better.
As long as he remembers to make wide turns. Otherwise bad things happen haha.
Yeah fears like that are pretty unconsolable.
Oh my. What a strange first word.
As someone who deals with lonesome moments, I know how that feels. I would've totally gone with you had I known you haha.
next time you go in, put the money of the candy into one of those charity cans
Nice! I am sure it is going to be a ball of a time.
Yeah, no need to talk to me about it right now. Think about all the good times you had together.
I am sure he will be able to help you. I hope you pass.
Hopefully he'll learn that that's not the place to do that.
Nah, you can forgo deodorant. The media just tells everyone it's necessary since it's a poorly known method of government mind control.
You may want to check his diet. Something in not right there.
Amazing! I would be proud if I were you as well!
I'm sorry to hear that. Just take some deep breaths, wear gloves and maybe even a mask if it makes you feel better. You can do this and you'll be alright!
I know. I don't want to die doing something incredibly mundane.
as long as you can live with yourself , is all that matters lol
Oh I get that magazine too. I like it for the stories.
A much better purchase than the neckbeard's staple. I hope you won!
That's awful, put the dogs nose in it.
Dang! Now that is a savvy phone! I have 12 of them.
Truth be told: I never learned how to ride a bike.
It's an important tool set to have!
Nice! I am sure you will pass with flying colors.
That must have been quite the workout. At least you should have plenty of fuel for the winter.
thats really cool
Ah well better than me. I get it so much it doesn't even bother me anymore.
I hope nobody in your office is the easily offended type!
Well, at least you filled your stomach. Next time, don't forget about your pockets!
Wow, hes a pretty smart kid.  He must be reading up on his history and the communist manifesto.
That's a great idea. No need to let go of the place you call home completely. I hope everything works in your best interests!
good luck with that
Hope you don't have to move again any time soon.
My dog did that the other day.  I yelled at her and told her that we don't poop in the house
Oh no! Well, at least it sounded like you and everyone had a good time.
i would be too
I bet. I would've been sick.
sometimes when my friends are annoying me , i tune out ... later o yeah we are supposed to do this today and blah , blah , blah
My go to lazy-sandwich are fried balogna sandwiches. It's saved me a lot of money, that's for sure.
thats so cool
That amount of poop really does things to a rug. I recommend getting a new house.
Yeah, if only I could go back and have a crisp apple with some snake oil...all would be right with the world.
Yea, my phone is pretty expensive.  Im not giving my phone to anybody
yea i hate clowns too
Yeah, that is a good thing he found it and not someone else. What are the odds.
I would be jealous, because I drive an old clunker 
I could imagine.
yea i tend to have similar issues
i hope you have a great time
That's something that's easy to laugh about after the fact but I bet you were running for your life when it happened! Haha
Well now i definitely don't want to take the garbage out tonight.  Ill make someone else do it
understandable, no one should have to go hungry
That really sucks. I am glad you are okay.
I am truly sorry for your lots. I am sure things will get better.
I guess you've been training him and it's paying off? Tell him he's a good boy and give him a belly rub!
That's terrible but the rug is replaceable. 
his family must be going through some tough times right now , i hope everything goes well
Oh wow, so it actually works? I might have to give it a try and let me mother know about it, she has a lot of pain in her legs as well.
Don't stop believin.  I bet you'll have a great time!
That doesn't sound grand at all. Hopefully it is a painless procedure.
Good parents are super useful!
I wish you good luck with that!
May I recommend gloves?  Thick gloves.  And a lot of carpet cleaner.
Yeah, especially since I imagine that is a costly monthly expense. I would install some turrets in your garage.
Think of it this way. Yesterday I had to clean up my dog's vomit, where it vomited up a used tampon.
Sounds really fun! I think I will pick it up today.
Oh sweet. I hope he has a good time in college.
I could imagine. I don't have any pets. But I understand it can be really devastating.
Yeah hopefully it doesn't happen again!
That's great! Good to hear you're saving some money!
I would be mad, we had that problem all the time at the last place we lived. 
Depends how close you are and how mad he'll be. Usually, I advocate honesty, but don't know enough about your situation to advise.
That's pretty understandable.
i know that feel
shhhhhheeeeess , that would have given me a small heart of attack or just tunnel vision out of rage
That's the spirit! The loneliness should melt away!
I can imagine.  My dog used to stain the carpet too.
Ah, I used to have one of those. Those cars were built to last.
Yeah I know, thanks.
the best thing for you is learn from this and do better next time 
That's such a relief! It's such a hassle to cancel all of your credit cards and get a new ID! You should give him a reward!
Nice! I am sure he is going to be hanging with the popular folk in no time.
That is all good to know! I'll have to keep it in mind next time I cook it.
Flights are convenient though.  Definetly faster than driving somewhere
I am happy for you and hope you have a lot of fun!
You'll get there one day.  It takes time and saving 
Lol. We all cheated at some point.  They know that.
Maybe you should find some new friends.
That's too bad. Perhaps it would help you heal your troubles away.
Yup, he's been through a lot
Oh yeah. Makes for a great game when it's close!
Thank you . Well lets talk about the wedding, hopefully you have a wedding planner to help you right. I don't want you to stress out to much, you are the excited bride!
Have you brought it up to her? Maybe she doesn't realize she's doing it.
Ah, I see. I hope you find someone more respectful and caring
Yeah they generally have a better chance at giving it more so than large entities.
Yep, but at least we have the internet to take care of those things.
Wonderful! Good luck, I hope they win.
I hope you can provide them with some help.
Yeah, you're right.
People must have no lives to want to spread rumors like that.
They can be pretty crazy at that age.
AOL slow Lol.. I certainly know how you feel! I would have expedited it to me!
oh sorry to hear that
Is it something that can recover over time? I hope so
You'll find someone. You sound like a good person.
that is true i agree with you, that is not what friends do
How his your health now
im sure it wont take you long with that degree
That kind of thing always creeps me out.  Glad you made it ok!
My first marriage was much like that, I hope you have a very calm day and no arguing.
Yeah, anything is better than nothing.  Good work!
ah i understand now
OMG. That's unfair
I love tres leche.  I haven't had a slice of that in forever.
We've all been embarassed at work lol. Don't even worry about it.
Oh, so sad. You may try one more time.
Oh I am sorry! Bummer to miss out
That is always a good feeling
Beautiful, sounds like she is in good hands. 
that's true and also not a good sign if a cop decides to pull you over
Nice, I hope you enjoy it.   Grats on the house too.
Oh...well you should try it without, fruit itself is already full of sugar :) If you try the ones with orange juice, they can be pretty sweet on their own.
I'm glad the bad times have stopped and hope your furkids can help cheer you up. I feel lonely at times too it's only human.
There's a lot of selfish people in the world, and a lot of impatient ones too. It's extremely frustrating.
i hate when that happens
Well, the city probably should do something about it.
So disgusting to see such irresponsible parents bringing up a child in such conditions. Hope for him to be well
and I bet they just drove off and didn't even leave a note.
it sure does feel  good that someone notices
Wooded ares are beautiful, until you have to be alone in them, when it's dark.
Everyone knew he was going to do it though
i bet it was
I would feel the same way. I'm not always very lucky though so I'd be a little apprehensive at first.
Jeez, that's a lot!  I hope they can manage it ok.
ah it happens i guess
Wow I was not expecting that! I'm happy that you get to spend time with it.
Oh, been there before. Sometimes I'm given things that make me very unsteady.
ah yea mine does that.. i have a spray bottle for days like that :)
Some people will steal anything, I guess. A store employee once told me they had to keep certain things by the checkout or they walked!
Good for them
Oh bummer! I can't stand it when people are that selfish! I wish we had CCTV cameras everywhere like they do in the UK
i wouldnt even try that
Sounds annoying, she needs to be more careful
That is really awesome! I bet is a a relief that its done now!
That was very kind of them.
you can do it!
that does sound like fun
sounds super scary! my god. 
Oh ok! Well I can understand that.
that's so sweet of you that you adopted an abused dog and taking care of her
oh well .. next time will be easier
Sounds like a good idea! I would do the same. 
Hopefully, that's the last storm for a while.
I know what you mean, I hate job searching.
Oh that sounds scary
well it sounds like it has gotten a little easier which is always good.
For the vet to see me cat.
I guess thats all kids though
I bet you are going to go more often now. Kayaking is really enjoyable. 
Maybe practice with a friend or spouse! That may help you feel a little more confident.
i think you are right about that
Oh thats right mine arent old enough yet so I dont have that type of joy but im happy for you! ha ha 
He might have a large monthly payment.
She must have been shy to tell you that
Kinda creepy then that you are randomly the only one there 
I should get to that as well.
It was still a nice thing to do
Im sure she knows how hard you work to provide for her.
keep up the good work!
That's sucks. I bet all that food smells.
Oh Lord, I have forgotten almost everything I learned in Algebra and beyond.
That's awesome. I know you were happy to receive that in the mail! 
yea me too
ah that sucks!! bad luck!!
That is really frustrating. Were you able to claim it on your insurance? I can't imagine how frustrating that must have felt. 
Use thinner which is used for painting , i think that ought to do
It can't hurt! Just keep on applying, even to job that are above or below your skill levels.
Oh I have always wanted to do that
oh thats cool
Yes defenitly! I see my daughter who is a toddler and love to see all that life in her!
thats always good when they cant wait to return
Oh that's too bad. I am sure you felt bad, but your son probably understood.
Yes :) people get so caught up in material things and forgot how blessed they are to have food and shelter!
That can be scary! There's usually nobody in the woods though luckily.
yea they are dumb.
hard work pays off i guess
Don't take too much money with you.
ah that makes sense
Good for you!
I hope they get it figured out for you. How frustrating. 
Did it every get straightened out, that sounds pretty terrible.
Well, that's different at least.
thats a smart idea
That happened to me too, I hate it
yea its fun
tell me about it.
I bet!  Mine have been really great too!
I bet you put a lot of effort into it. Maybe you could talk to him and plead your case to get him to reconsider.
That's not too bad. I hope you have a fun and relaxing vacation!
ah that sounds tasty
He'll probably be upset, but I'm sure he'll come around. It was an accident.
Congratulations!  I'm sure she's going to be super happy!
oh congrats then. i hope all goes well for them!
thats a good story.
Oh so he's your little brother? You must be so proud of him.
We can't compare ourselves to others. It'll just make you miserable. There will always be someone who is better in something. You could be better at something that someone else isn't.
If you have the drive for it, im sure you will do great!
Sure is, last time I saw one was some time in the 90s.
wow i have always wanted to go to las vegas, good luck and dont gamble all your money haha
Oh wow, a big package!  Hope you enjoy it!
Absolutely! That is definitely the attitude to have. Trust is huge in making a relationship successful. It's just natural to feel a bit nervous.
Man, I'd love to see that!
Ah, there you go. The world isn't completely heartless. Yeah, I think the trick is to always keep that stuff with your car keys, because then you'll never forget it.
Yep, you'll probably be fine. Give it a couple of days. 
Yeah but its a test! Its not like you cheated on your spouse or did something severe! lol 
Thats the spirit. It is always exciting to start something new.
Oh my god, I've always wanted a husky! You are so lucky. They do have beautiful eyes.
That's worth being nervous over.  I'm sure you'll do great!
Sounds like a good time! 
oh that stinks
That's... a really interesting strategy. Wonder what will happen once he actually does lose weight and doesn't want to be called fat anymore! Well, I guess to each their own.
It's gonna take some time, and I'm sure those phone calls help more than you think.
Right, I understand that. It's not a nice thing.
Well I hope you find it, and a winning lotto ticket at the same time. 
Hope you'll receive more bonus in upcoming days!!
that sounds tasty.
you should have told someone that is how robbers usually target people
It's nice to have a place of your own. I remember the excitement I felt when I bought my house.
thats good that it wasnt major.
Awesome, congrats on your new job.
That's fantastic. Congratulations! Buy yourself a little treat.
Of course it is. I'd say it'll benefit each other.
Call your local support services. Usually it's 211. They can put you in contact with charities, churches and other organizations who can help you! I wish you the best!
You should do to him a strong amount of punishment!
I hope your dog is found safe!
i hope it goes well!
I wish I was that content with my life. I have too many changes going on right now.
What a fun way to reminisce. 
It's very hard to leave. But the memories will always cheer with us. 
It's not too late. You will have to pull an all nighter and study. If you are prepared you will feel better about going.
Probably best to also take time to process what happened
Good on him! For what it's worth I'm super proud of him! 
Calculus seems like very hard stuff for anyone. Don't feel too down. Just use this as motivation to study more!
Maybe you should confront them about it.
I hope its better than you expect!
That's awesome! I'm so glad to hear that! Hopefully this boosts your confidence for next time, now you know you can do it.
ok don't feel bad be happy and search for your future behalf
I'm afraid I avoid those games - too addictive. I'd never get anything else done! Presumably you play.
Oh jeeze. Did they catch them on film?  Hopefully insurance will take care of it.
well thats good too!
Oh wow, that's unusual. 
After that bag of candy, you may want to!
Yeah, since I've been in college, I've been forced to socialize more and I'm getting better at it. It's a muscle just like anything else I guess, and you have to "work it out." 
We certainly need to do better as a country to make higher education more affordable.
Yikes, stop the relationship at all cost!
Well if you treat her right she won't go any where. 
Its a small world... maybe we even work at the same place.
Oh that's not too bad then!
Sure. Visit again and suggest your friends too.
I hope they are able to locate him! Check to see if your friend had it microchipped.
That would be hard. 
I hear you!  I hate physical activity that seems unnecessary. 
Try seeing if your insurance with cover it. If not grab a shop vac or 2! They are great at sucking up water out of tight spaces
That's good she's got a nurturing / caring mom, I know some pretty bad parents out there
Oh well, we tried didn't we.
That's awful.  Its so good they have someone like you who is there for them when they need you most.
I guess try and get those done first
I'm super happy for you! You'll do great.
Hope she will be fine soon!
I used to live close to North Minneapolis and I would always hear people fighting in the streets and every once in a while a gunshot.  Got pretty desensitized to it though
Oh it sounds kind of cool
Financial constraints are definitely a good reason. Maybe one of your friends could help you out.
I guess that could make you regret even the things you never thought og
That's something I personally struggle with. I never feel like I have enough money to hand out, but there's many people worse off than me who could use it.
That is even more impressive!  I know they take hockey seriously up there, so your friend must be pretty darn good.
Why did you feel cocky...did you talk to any hotties at the bar or what
Well, hopefully they get it resolved. Does not help your lunch today however.
Ha ha, that's a good one.  
Pit/wolf hybrid. She helps so much.
oh yes, i understand, i had no choice either. there is only one provider in my area
You can take her to the DMV when they are closed! They will allow you to use there set up to help.
I am very sure he was proud of you, and cherished every moment he could spend with you while he was alive.
I am sure you will get it soon as well
Awesome.  Can I get his number ;)
Maybe you can knock off 43 minutes early.
hahaha I would have been like a mad woman trying to clean too! I hope it works out and your husband can take time off!
Sounds pretty creepy
Cool, I hope you find success, and that your hard work pays off. 
Oh no! You should try to find the culprit and confront them
That might be a good Christmas present.  You could do it as a couple.  I did one of those with my wife last year and it was a blast.
Drive safe! I really hope they can get those wildfires under control soon. 
I'm sure you are doing an amazing job, you seem to care which makes you a great parent.
I hate to hear that, hopefully you were able to get your garden lined out.
Wow, that's dedication. I guess those plates add up. That's not a very nice policy for a restaurant to have.
Be grateful. Most people don't have a team to make them look good by comparison.
hahaha.   Kids are wonderful. 
Well, I'm real glad for you! You should make your aunt a pie or something sometime.
i agree. i remember a lot of obscure things that my parents are surprised i remember.
I'm jealous.
that's awesome! how long are you staying there? i'm sure you will enjoy your time. i went to mississippi a couple of months ago to see my family, it was so awesome
Oh well at least you get to listen to it now
Give it a few days (even though it feels like a million). I'll cross my fingers for you! I'm so sorry, that is a huge bummer!
Oh! Well then stay hydrated! I hope you do well!
Yeah, you should explore it!
I know it means swallowing some pride, but if it's financial help you need, perhaps you could go the route of Gofundme? or maybe government services? I know it might be embarrassing to some people, but sometimes your back is against the wall you have nothing to lose.
Hey, some people are on this planet to fry birds, and some people aren't. I guess that's just how it is.
The first one didn't work. Apparently the second one did.... but that's supposed to be a secret for now.  She's supposed to surprise me and my father with shirts....  my mom is a loud mouth and spilled the beans though.
Hope you have an enjoyable evening and relaxing sleep!  Love me some tv too!  I'm watch Great Food Truck Race tonight!
That is too funny. They'll grow out of it soon enough!
I'm sorry.
That's nice that you can share things like that, it seems like your family is very close!
I am sure it will be fine!  It's not like you don't know where they live haha
Yeah they can be. But, sometimes you just got to tough it out.
Lovely. I too love pets.
Oh that's nice, you guys get to throw a party if you want haha
i have never been before since I was either very ill or had babies/kids.  Good luck and don't stress too much. You'll be great!
They sound like a shady hospital to me
That's good, there is nothing scarier than a fur baby missing!
I can understand that. I have MS so I'm no stranger to autoimmune diseases.
Oh, well you a very naughty person.
I wish you the best in dealing with this.
That's a good idea. We actually did that last weekend. I guess it makes sense to do that as much as you can before summer is over. I hope you have a nice time!
I'm sure you'll be fine, just try to practice as much as possible beforehand
Yeah, it works for some people. I'm glad it works for you. I like my pets to be a little more needy and affectionate, but sometimes sassy can be really fun and keep things interesting and lively.
I love the beach, being on the Gulf Coast is probably my favorite.  I hope you have a great time!
Whoa. That sounds like a very nice computer. What a surprise. That should work out pretty well.
For what it's worth I'm proud of you! 
I hope you can figure out a way to make things work out! Sounds like you're stuck between a rock and a hard place.
Well, at the very least, from the little that you've said, you seem very self-aware. That's a very underrated trait for people to have and to develop.. so whatever it is you decide, it seems like you'll be efficient at seeing it through. Good luck!
Congratulations, I'm glad to hear you've been able to accomplish that for yourself. :)
Maybe you can look forward to using it as motivation to doing those sorts of things with your kids in the future, if you choose to have them? 
I am sure you will make it
Put it to some good use.
Yeah. It happens to everyone whenever whether changes.
Good luck, and I'm sure if you prepared well and studied hard, you'll do great!
Well that's very kind of you to help them out.
Well, maybe you can set a deal up with him and you can share it!
yes. youtube will def have some awesome ideas . i could stand to get rid of this gut also..hahahah
How annoying! That sucks.
Aw, I'm happy for you, they are really a joy and can make your life happier!
Oh thank goodness. That common core is ridiculous.
Nope she still reads it all. Same thing you do silly! lol
That's so nice of you to do that for her. I have two dogs and they're picky too.
That's a real bummer. On the bright side, it taught your son that sometimes accidents happen and that's OK.
wow that is a really expensive tire!!
Just make sure you drive safely! :)
I am sure he got some things from you
I bet you're a great person and don't worry about the past!
Oh how neat!  I guess you must have sensed it!
Oh that sounds exciting!  I've never had the chance to go to one.
You shouldn't steal things, especially non essential things like toys. But you probably know that.
It is what I thought. You did good.
I don't think you would make any problems. who knows maybe he is a pervert
I am sorry to hear that.  Hopefully at least he is making progress
I'm sure they appreciate having people to talk to who don't judge them negatively. We have a little "tent city" in our neighborhood and it was just announced that they're going to be removed. That makes me sad because there is a lack of shelters.
Ah yeah, that was a pretty good idea then. Hopefully she can get some permanent ones soon!
It's good that they appreciate you and are kind enough to reward you for your efforts!
Well, I have faith that you will find something just as good, keep your head up and keep trying.
I'm sure you'll have a blast, I've heard it's beautiful continent. And the food will be great!
Just think how happy it will make you feel each time you wear it.
I would be kind of mad and dissappointed with him. You could have offered to pay your own way!
Sounds like he's a good player! You should ask him for some tickets!
So true! Building muscle is great!
At least you're concerned and interested in helping. Some people would ignore the poor little kitty and just let him die. Very kind of you!
Well it's good that you have such a great wife! I hope you guys have an amazing life together.
Good luck, and have fun.  The money will just be a bonus!
Well, props on you for being loyal. That shows a lot of character.
Sounds like a promising job
I can't wait to move and have a hook up.
Haha, she doesn't understand that you're at work!
You and me both, we need to hit the gym!
Oooh my friends have been playing that, maybe I should get it too
If it makes you feel any better, I bet that happens a lot to the cashier. They probably didn't think twice or care as long as you weren't a jerk.
That is awesome! Sounds like they are finely horned then! 
Me too! It's good when you have caring people around.
I have a pit myself, they are great dogs despite what people say about them
That sounds like a really great time, I love those nostalgic feelings you get from listening to stuff from your past.
Well stay strong! For what it's worth, I moved schools a lot as a kid and yeah the first day is rough but kids adapt quickly. They might even make new friends right away!
If you guys are in an exclusive relationship, then that would be considered infidelity. You should leave her and focus on yourself.
Are they like 1000 level classes?  If I was in a higher class I'd of straight told them to quiet down.
I would as that is a serious health hazard
Ah, I can imagine, Winter's are brutal there I hear.
My knees get weak when I try to publicly speak, it's bad.
How fun! I love shoes, I have at least 20 or 30 pairs in the house
Well, Ill keep my fingers crossed for you.
That is very exciting. 
That is infuriating. I know how costly healthcare is. Such a shame that we as a country cant do better.
I would be the same. I am a one person kind of gal. I don't do that even when I am single. The worry though must be hard!
I would be jealous of their strong love for one another.
Some free time to yourself! Maybe you can catch up on some guilty pleasures haha
Ohhh! Those times are nice. I only have a partner but I know I love my quiet mornings and my morning routine :)
Oh wow, that's adorable.  I'm sure its very fragile and cute, wish I could see it!
You should, my Ipad has great charge time.
Ahhh, Calculus, I had a pretty hard time with that as well, some how I got a B and to be honest, I don't even know it.
It can be tough losing a pet, keep your head up
That does sound very frustrating
Sounds like you're looking real sharp :)
Well that is step in the right direction at least
At least, bonds that tight mean they will always be a part of you someway. 
I am glad you are happy, its a great feeling to have
I understand that completely
Well I wish you the best of luck!
Well, hopefully y'all will still be able to keep in touch.
Mistakes happen. I'm sure everyone has broken something that belongs to someone else at some point in their lives!
Attleast the suffering is over.
That is not too bad I would do it for that
That is good.  Hopefully things keep getting better in the future.
You got this! I have faith, and sending positive vibes your way!
Yikes. Just don't go wantering around at night and keep your doors locke.d
Were the police able to help? That sounds like a big mess!
Gosh, that's too bad! Maybe continue to work there but looks apply for new jobs. Good Luck!
Interesting, maybe I'll check them out this season
Oh, well that should be a lot of fun!
Those are all important things in life
Yes you did, it will definitely pay off!
No its not fair at all
Cool. Are you gona go anywhere special...
that sounds like a good plan
They do. I have one and he is a great companion
That's great! I went on a nice trip too
I like to do that for people when they don't expect it or when they need it most
In any case, good luck!
I am sure you have haha
Oh, yeah I get it though, you do not get paid to babysit
It was just an accident. There will always be another tv
I cannot wait to sit on the porch with hot chocolate with the cool breeze coming through! Just a few more months!
oh thats cool
Oh no, I am sorry. Maybe he will come back
Maybe you will get it next year
oh yea i can understand that
That sounds like it was a really good time!
That's really something to be proud of.  Keep it up!
Don't look back. Go forth, and be brave.
ah thats always nice to do every once in a while.
... and i bet they didn't even leave a note or anything.
It's always a good place to be when you are content.
Its nice to find good work out there
Soda definitely can make you pack on some pounds! Keep up the healthy lifestyle!
Oh I see, make sure to look at expriatian date next time :)
Oh wow, that must be tough. I'd like to think they were having trouble dealing with it themselves and that's why they didn't tell you right away.
Oh that sounds very fun.
Well that sounds disgusting
That is a rip off honestly!  I don't think I'd buy that brand again.
Oh wow I would be mad. Is there any other provider who could get you in faster? 
That's awesome! It's always nice to overcome a fear!
I do agree with you
That's the worst and it has happened to me before too. Hopefully it's not too big of a dent.
thats cool
That's great! I hope you two have a great life.
that is awesome. we all deserve to have an amazing dog as a kid
oh yea thats always nice.
That's too bad. I am sure your son understood though.
awwww I would probably cry too! Scanning them seems like it would take forever. Maybe see if there is a company you can send them to and they'll do it for you.
yea yes that is a nice time of the year
That's a steal.
you must have some crystal clear windows 
Wow that sounds really physically demanding, you must be quite strong.
Haha what was the drink? 
That is a very good game
Oh I'm so sorry to hear that.
Congratulations on that! It's a great feeling for sure.
Well stress will cause more health problems, just keep that in mind when you start to worry.
Oh wow, hopefully you can get some answers to ease your mind.
go play bingo!
It's a shame that the present never seems capable of competing with the past.
Those are nice memories
Oh, yeah that does start next month! I guess I know what my husband will be doing on Sundays hahaha
Sounds like a plan, I hope she is around for years to come
Oh okay, that is interesting, I will need to look into that, sounds awesome to me!
Haha! I lived in Alabama until recently so professional football is something I'm distant from.
Yeah it needs to be clean in there for sure
Hmm I may have to check them out then! 
Yeah, but now they're looking for him instead of the real crook.
thats the way it should be , they are the future
ah well at least you didnt feel lonely
Oh no, are they okay
I wouldn't feel so bad about missing one day!
i can't imagine even trying to deal. you are braver than i am for sure.
Good luck and try to think about something else before then.
Murder can be interesting I guess
it almost rained on me when I was walking home today.
Wow.. that's... sad.
Might be worth it, rather than someone else picking it up.
damn you should have hunted them down
We'll get Taco Bell and eat tacos all night and when we catch them we'll make them watch us eat the tacos and not share with them. 
I guess. Or it could be they are ready to move on but need to know someone else will be interested in them.
When a cockroach comes in my house, the neighborhood knows it.
Yeah it is like an imbalance in the house somehow.
I don't do haunted houses lol
Well hopefully you were able to get some overtime pay.
oh those are nice loyal dogs.
I hope you guys get through it
Yes, some are really good at helping others lose weight and feel good
You will have to return the favor sometime. 
Well maybe you will be able to start a new habit of waking up without it.
Oh yeah those will do that. I still have like 40 of them on VCR or video cassette, whatever those things were called. i doubt I would be able to find one these days that would actually play them@
i hear that movie is great
That is a place I have always wanted to go to
hope your future is bright 
That must feel really good. I bet your parents are proud!
What is her name, you seem so lucky.
I can understand, if you try to think positively it might help
I am sure you will have a lot of fun when it comes out.
Yeah, I would show up at the office and show them exactly where they promised to take care of you. That should work.
Hmm that might actually be good, I think it's the ketchup that I don't like about meatloaf. Bon appetit!
oh, lay the smack down     
lol, he is just like my brother. You should ignore him, just like I ignore my borther
I don't think I could do it.
Spending time with your parents and watching games can create great memories! 
Have you talked to her about it
Well at least you know what to do next time. I'm sure you'll rock it then!
Oh I do not like them
I hope that you get rewarded for you hard work!
That is never a good thing
what ended up happening
I think you will do okay! Get as much rest as possible tonight just in case they do an interview!
Seriously. It ruins it for the real fans.
Yeah you would think they would be good by now
maybe one day ill go , its just the way i was brought up religion was not something my family made me follow 
Those are good too. I never saw that one
Best of luck with that raise. Congrats to you!
i hope you enjoy art class that was always my favorite.
Oh my.. I am so sorry. I hope you find her soon!
Leave early and drive slower than normal. Just watch out for other drivers.
That sounds like a good one
ah that sounds about right
In some cases you can even legally withhold rent if they aren't doing their duty as a landlord. I'd definitely check out what you can do!
That would help a lot
I am happy for him! It is always nice to see people reaching their goals.
it would be a great life , hope you do eventually win
thats cool
Well, hopefully you can make arrangements to take the trip another time. It's hard to find a new job!
That sounds like a good idea
Well good. Then good luck tomorrow and knock 'em dead!
oh thats good
That sounds very exotic
I'll bet you were really glad when that flight was over!
yea thats understandable
I don't like spiders so much, but I do really like snakes. 
ok
I guess just pray about it and surround yourself with positive people
ah, maybe i need to check it out
That's a good thing to have
I'm sorry to hear that. Cancer is horrible. I can't wait till they find a cure.
well he has a good sibling!
Well you cant help that sometimes
Oh you're good then, even beat up Camrys are great cars that last forever!
I am sure you did, and I am sure he notices
Good, I wish you the best of luck with it, may you find love!
I had braces growing up too, the worst part for me was the molding!
Oh lol.  I hear those are expensive too, so, you got some rich friends! Lol
I hope you have fun there then
oh thats cool
Wow that's impressive, I'm sure with that determination she'll pass easily.
I agree completely.  People shouldn't have to watch every single step they take just to avoid stepping in it.
Well that was nice of you
It always scares me too when my power goes off. I'll nearly break my toe hitting it on walls and furniture trying to light a candle lol
wow that was mighty nice of you
Oh, well I wonder how he will pay for that then
Yeah I agree, those days will never come back!
At least he apologized.  That makes it a little bit easier to deal with
Amen to that! Mine start wednesday and Friday!
the good ole days 
I bet.  It would be bad enough it was just spit, but the tobacco amps it up to 11.  It would be nice if people had enough respect for others not to do that sort of stuff.
Well sometimes you have to spread your wings and leave the nest!
There is nothing to be scared of
It's been the same way here, just rain rain rain.
ohh cool. I am happy for you
wow, i did not see that coming.     on to the next one!
Cool. I like classic italian pizza
Interesting, maybe I'll check it out.
Oh no well at least you aren't hurt
I'm sorry to hear that.  My parents are getting older... I don't even want to think about that yet.
Oh nice, I never got into those games
Don't sweat it! I am sure with hard work and determination, you will land a good job too!
Well I'm glad you found it! I know you had to be happy about that!
That's good. I let my daughter go school shooping alon and she spent ten dollars on one shirt. I ended up buying everything myself
That market has been really lately so you should see it grow. 
Oh wow, I bet it felt very nostalgic. Almost like being in a time machine.
hah.. you get used to it.
Ohhhh my goodness.  He deserves it for free if he can down 4 pounds of food.
Wow that's revolting. I'd report it to the health department!
That is amazing. I am sure they appreciate you too.
Awesome!  Let me congratulate you ahead of time cause you've got this!  
im with you there
That's terrible! Hopefully they'll come back home. I'd be whooping somebody if I found out who did it!
Good for you!
That is really great.  Hold on to those good friends.
Oh no, did you get them back
ah thats cool
I'm sorry about that.
Yeah but just think. The best is yet to come!
I'm so sorry.  I know it must be tough right now but it is happening for a reason.  Make your dreams happen no matter where it is! 
Oh, that makes sense, I am sure they understand
I am sure it will
Awwww... That's cute.  
Oh, well that is a long time, but a stronger bond as well
i hope they get well
Thats rough. Im sure you will be better in the long run. 
Oh baby that sounds like fun to me, I loved old eminem.
Oh, I am sorry to hear that
Tell me about it.
It happens to me more than I like to admit lol
Yeah, if you find a brand you like, stick with it
Really? That is enough to retire if you know how to manage it!
f chip kelly
Oh man that is really bad. I feel sorry for laughing. 
That's impressive, she sounds amazing.
That's good.  I hope it gets better soon :(
That is so cool. I might have to get a Switch.
well at least you lived to tell us about it!
I'm sorry that's awful I bet he's sad.
I feel you.  That's how my body functions too. Slow weight loss or not at all.  Its also dangerous to lose weight too quickly so don't wish it for yourself too fast.  Slowly and steadily keeps you from getting lose skin or gaining it all back too. 
I worked night shift alone in an office and I'd always hear foot steps in the hallway 
That is a scary feeling
I understand
I am sorry you went through thaty
wow thats great!
They are not normal animals for sure
Yea definitely, but only if you feel inclined.
Yeah, lightning is no joke. Hopefully you have better weather this weekend and can get out!
That's great if they quaterback is good and have a good defense they got it.
Did you pick up at least 95% of the tab? lol
that sucks. i hope it turns out well for you
Awesome, my brother-in-law does that.  He loves it.  Hope its beautiful weather for you!
thats cool
That is scary! You be careful!
That's so very fortunate! There are still some kind-hearted people out there after all.
Hopefully they at least paid you overtime.
That is awesome, too bad it will not be small forever!
I bet you are, but don't worry you got this!
That's great!  Having a job is a big deal - and I'm sure it was a blessing after not having one for three years!!  Congrats to you!
lol  she will get better 
You may need a vacation or take a little break you don't want to overwork or wear your body down to much.
hrmmm .. seems interesting. hopefully legal.
Oh lord! That's kind of scary
Oh I didn't realize your brother had control of it because he slept there. Hopefully he finds another spot more comfy.
It happens to all of us
That's pretty scary, hopefully they can get him some meds and he gets to come home.
That is amazing! You must feel pretty proud of her.
Oh no! I'm so sorry!  I assume you don't have a Chip implanted to track it? That's awful, I'd be furious!
Sorry to hear that you're in that situation. Hope you stay safe
Ahh, that could be it. Sometimes when my cat is stressed she poops or throws up.
You could always post videos to social media in your spare time and see how well received it is. Many people have made it big starting out that way.
That is so sad, I hope you find him.
thats not bad, good luck
Yeah but at least they get to see you often so you can give them some love and pets!
You could name it Bob Marley since it's always "jammin" lol I couldn't resist
It's always nice to go somewhere you can meet a lot of new people.
People are so careless.
how old is he
That is nasty, but some people just do not care
I would love to play with you sometime.
Oh, I am sorry to hear that 
I bet it felt really good to let that all out and to still be accepted by her.
Good luck for this weekend.
Was there construction going on near your house? Someone had done work on my roof and I think maybe the nail in my tire came from there.
Oh no!  I hope you feel better now and that you had a good time while you were on the trip at least.
That's terrible. Her kids are going to resent her.
I don't blame you, I would be scared too.  It seems like you got home alright though, so that is good.
oh wow!
I am so sorry to hear that. She might be hard to be around, but I hope you spend some time with her.
Oh yea! Congratulations!
Maybe it was a honest mistake then since she was elderly I see why you didn't want to give her up. 
Hopefully she will learn quickly that it's better to get her school work done quickly
Alright alright, you can go the slow route
It's 100% for both of you!  It takes two to tango you know - Congrats on 35 years!
That is a good thing.  Have you thought about getting a camera and posting that you have one on the property.
Oh no.  That is pretty bad.  Do you know who she is that you could go and leave her a tip? Mistakes happen and there's not much you can do.
Yeah.  My grandmother was like that too.  The backbone of the family.  We all went our separate ways pretty much after she died.  Don't let that happen to your family!
I'm so happy for you! I am sure it will be a wonderful day for both of you!
I haven't tried that one yet  I will now.  I love blueberries.. and I like chex.
I'm sorry, I hope he recovers!
oh. congratulations!
it is not!! but you got to give it a try
Ah. Well, I suppose it's a good thing you didn't know him. Less heartache for you, I suppose.
it is almost over. Senior year is the final one and it will pass quickly. Been there, done that
Thats right. I think you got it already. You know exactly what to do
If you love each other and stay close you will be fine.
I know. Hearing statistics doesn't help either.  Crazy people doing things every 3 seconds.
That
So many people just want more and more. I think you got it right.
you must have been very careful with the do'd and don'ts!!
Yeah I understand.  Maybe you should pay her back somehow.
Yes. I LOVE EGGPLANT! How could  you find that really gross? 
I wish the best for your son. I am sure he will do well wherever he goes.
Well you got this then
Right, nothing can take that awy
Thats a good way to think about it
The only negative effect I've read is the lack of protein, but I'm sure there are substitutes!
WOW!  That person needs to loose their license I believe - you are so blessed you were not hurt.
I've never been on one either, but that sounds like so much fun.  Have a good time!
He will learn with age.
In a school zone? thats not good
poor him !! you should have bee angry or furious!!
You gotta have some faith.
I know what you mean, it is hard.  The only advice I have is that God is always there even when no one else is.
my mom had Alzheimers.. it sucks!
That's sounds like a blast! I've never been courageous enough to attempt that.
Best thing you can do is tell the truth and clear it up. Its not worth it and you only cheat yourself.  You can do it and you'll feel better.
omg !! you would have been devastated!!
Oh that is horrible! I cannot imagine what he must be going through!
Oh that's nice, yeah it's a good feature of Facebook
Sounds like a lot of work ahead
I hope you feel better before this big meeting - or maybe you can reschedule it or something.
I love cruise, I go on at least one every year.
oh.
I have never met someone who has done that for a job.
Yeah, it's funny how drastically people can change as they grow.
It will be so worth it when that child is in their arms!  I'm so happy for them and the child they are saving!
Or you could find out he has a thing for you!  I hope either way that it works out for all of you.
Wow, good luck sounds realy hard to me.
Nice!!!  Nothing better than getting money in the mail!
Sorry about your bad luck. Glad you are getting out of that place!
I hope it works out for you.
I'm glad they didn't run away.
Thats funny.  I never did anything that daring!
Oh man, I'm jealous. Have fun and don't forget to wear sunscreen!
me too. I have three kids too
You might have to call the cops just to get sleep! Horrible.  Sorry.
Well, I hope you do find that special someone, and that the stress at work lets up a bit as well.
Sounds great. I wish all the best in her future endeavors. 
That's horrible, you should set up an app that lets your family track you
I hope so too. There's nothing worse than someone you trust not repaying you.
oh yeah that really do grind!!
Yeah I'm so happy for you!  I need to go through some of my old stuff!!
I am sorry that happened I would be upset too! 
That is just crazy!  I hope he stops really soon - or you can figure out how to cut the power off on his side - LOL!
So fun!  Hope you have a great time!  
Moderation is key, so you don't get sick!
I gotta go to McDonald's more often to cash in on these free nuggets!
Yeah I would have totally done the same. That's why I don't want a dog lol!
Wow! Why did you move so far? 
I would feel they same way, but that was nice of them! 
Stealing very rarely is worth it, that doesn't stop people from doing it.
Smart move on your part. 
I know what you mean, I would have been pissed! Probably would have gotten out and throat punched them if they had hit me!
Wow that's awful, I had lice in school.
I've never really watched youtube that much, I'm not sure what I'd even watch on there.  But I know what you mean, the content can be pretty despicable.
I'm not sure what 5 is, but it's a good story to tell your kids if you have any.  I've told both of mine, and they luckily have not done the same thing.
Nice! It's always good to sit around a tell the tales of your youth to our children :)
That is awesome, I mean the gifts are nice, but it's even better to know that you've got people that love and care about you.
Awwwwww poor little doggie. I am sure she is chasing around mailmen happily in doggy heaven.
I bet she was so tiny!  I'm glad you found her and were able to take care of her.
I bet if you say anything about it, you're the bad one too
I am sure you'll find somebody in due time. It took me 6 years to find someone after my last relationship, but it happened. It'll happen to you too!
Here is an idea. Why don't you get yourself a teddy bear by your side when sleeping. He will protect you
For what? Hallowscream at Busch Gardens?!?!? If so, that place is a blast.
I sure hope you get to keep your job.  I know it was a big accident, but it was an accident.
That is a real bummer.  Maybe you can have a makeup vacation in September.
that's just nice of you!! helping out your sister!!
I bet! You deserve to be proud and excited though. You have worked hard for this.
I can imagine. Glad you are both alright.
And that's the best part. Many of those folks with nice houses have mountains of debt. It causes a lot of stress.
Yeah, you'd better find him like quick!  Or flood your house until you do - either way..
That is such a unique name I love it.
i think it becomes a practice for him!!
Man, I am truly sorry. If I knew you, I would definitely help you out.
I hope everything works out for you, I know how hard shut downs can be. 
And you're doing something amazing!
I really hope that it comes on time.  It can be so disappointing when something like that ruins your perfect plans.
Hopefully this type of situation doesn't happen again. That really is disappointing how the system doesn't protect the employees about that type of situation.
That is amazing I guess she deserves to be spoon fed!
i hope you have many more
Yeah, I've had them do that to me before too. It's a pain in the keester.
LOL....Their waiting for you to let your guard down and then they will attack you.
I am glad to hear you are alright. But I would still be on the look out for next time...they are the relatives of godzilla after all.
I hope he keeps it up!
That is a major issue.
That's great man. You just have to wrestle a few sharks and they'll appoint you head lifeguard of the state.
It is hard to recover from a binge like that, but do a few thousand situps and you'll be good as new!
That's good to hear that you and your co-worker mad amends. Live and learn!
That's okay to give in sometimes and enjoy the moment. 
That's so terrible. How could they ditch you!!
You should write a good review, sounds like they know what they are doing.
Well, as long as you did and the wife doesn't know, you're in the clear!
he should do his work properly. He is such a naughty boy to do on the rug!!
Well, that's kinda meh. But congratulations still!
I have sailed all over the glove. Hit a couple of countries in Europe, a few scattered islands across the Atlantic. And the best part is, I've never been deployed! So I am truly living the dream that every sailor hopes for lol. I was very fortunate.
No doubt he will when he gets cold and hungry. 
He will be rich one day!
I've never been a phone of Apple anyway. I had the first iPhone and wasn't impressed so I never tried again.
Why don't you take them to Six Flags. It is more fun and full of exciting experiences rushed with adrenaline
Wow, that's amazing, haha. So fancy. 
Maybe you should go on a diet so you don't feel sick :D
It would be nice to have money like that.
Good you should be for having such a blesses neighbor
That is crazy!  Most kids first words are "money".
That's great! I go there almost every single day and get a bread bowl!
We'll get back on the horse together, my friend. Skinnier days are ahead of us!
It's really cool to have those moments where you get to enjoy what you like to do.
oh oh. It's alright next time you should be bit careful not eat a lot
you must have really enjoyed it
Ugh. The horn is the worse! Especially those loud, obnoxious semi-truck horns!
That is pretty unfortunate. You should be like me and just buy them, always easier when someone else does the work.
For sure. That really isn't something a normal person should be doing. Or anyone for that matter.
They would be very jealous!
Maybe you should find out who did it and go throw toilet paper all over their yard!!
hmm, that is a pretty epic first world. You would think that would be a little two difficult for a first word. The kid must be a genius
omg!! millionaire that works at McDonalds. I would like to see you work 
Truly unacceptable. We would be better off with chimpanzees in office.
I agree, your talents would be better suited elsewhere. 
It's like 100 degrees during the day, you would have had to find a pool to jump in.
Nonsense! If you're a zombie, you'll be brainless and the scar will be the least of your worries!
You will nail it. Just be confident and just be yourself!!
That is so cute! Be sure and jot that down in the baby book!
That's great man. At least you'll have a place to stay for the next month.
that's a surprise and it's after 5 long years
Naughty dog. he should look after himself
Nice. I have my eye on a Tesla.
Just take deep breaths and act confidently and you'll do great!
I don't blame you, but we have to help our struggling siblings out!
Mine died a couple years ago and I still think of her. :(
Nice! Perhaps I can go buy a car on the website one day!
That's the coolest thing I've heard all day
I am sure! Please let him know that I am game to come over for a pool party!
Yeah, that's never a good experience.  Coming home to that smell and mess, ugh!
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope he can get the help he needs.
I do hope you rubbed it into your co-workers' faces like I did!
They definitely will get you a rum cake
That sounds alarming. You better be careful next time visiting the place. They maybe careless with their sanitary responsibilities
Thats too bad. I am sure it makes things very stressful and difficult.
I feel sorry for you. I just hope you guys atleast meet now and then!!
Just be a good husband and you should be fine.
Oh thank goodness you weren't late.
Mmmm, I love that brownie smell.  Also nothing better than fresh brownies.
Hey that's great!  You should take a before picture today and an after picture one month from now!
I would be terrified too. You have to do get it checked out!
don't be !! you will do well. Just be yourself!!
maybe you should lay out some bait, he has to get hungry sometime.
He sounds like an excellent boss!
I am sorry that you now live in infamy. Maybe, with time, they can learn to forgive you.
Just make sure you focus on getting good grades!
I hope it all turns out well with good news there!
omgoodness! I don't think I've even used flamingo in a sentence myself in a long time! He's clearly a prodigy!
That's so cool! Sounds like a store you would find in Daiagon Alley!
I'm sorry you didn't grow out of it.
I would have done the same. Never know if the thing is going to bite off your bellybutton or not.
Sorry to hear that! Definitely need to make sure it doesn't fall off!
Aw, that's adorable, sounds like you guys will have a great life together!
haha!  Did you just eat a bunch of mushy brownies?  
Oh no, that's awful. Maybe you can find something else to give her for her birthday but tell her you have another present that will arrive a little later. 
Hope you enjoy it!
Yeah I'd be tempted to barf myself witnessing that.
She must be really smart!
I'm glad you gave him a chance to shine! Everyone deserves a chance to be trusted, and it's good on you to roll the dice!
Oh I bet.  Make sure to hang out with as many people as you can before you leave!
Make sure to give your wife a big present when it is her birthday!
I hope you threw it out!
That looks really exciting!
Those are the good old days. Have to use coupons these days!
Maybe you will win next time!
I don't think they know about mufflers! You should try white noise and black out curtains.
Whew, I would be too. God knows if she messed herself.
Yeah, they should never find out.
I would be furious, they are expensive now a days!
I hope you have better control next time.
My cell was out of range and it was dark out. My daughter was not happy. I am glad you got help.
I am sure with your care, she will be much better off. I wish you and your family well.
I hope it isn't anything serious.
I wish I had your drive.
I admire engineering work. The true pioneers of society's good
all police not bad
We all use a certain brand here. Now, if you used my toothbrush, that would be fighting actions!
It's like losing a family member... I hope you can find another shop like that someday.
That looks like a fun movie!
Well, I am sorry you had to witness that. Admittedly, it 
Why you guys don't you deliver a complain note to the management. They are responsible for handling the office tools
Oh I see.  I bet it was a sad day then.
I hope she is careful with it.
Awesome, I'm happy for you, good luck!
I hope you have pet insurance, you never know what can happen.
You could, but it's always a gamble!
I hope you get married!
ok carry on
I agree. I really hate driving off only to find out a third of your order is wrong or missing!
If he does then he isn't a very good person.
I agree, some people just don't care about anyone but themselves. It's sad.
That sounds quite scary.
Then it sounds like you have two things going for you; an A+ and some new found confidence!
Well that sounds like you have prepared for sure! Hope all goes well!
Good play, I probably would of done the same, haha.
You seem like a very good friend.
That's really cool. Have fun building the dresser!
On the bright side you can buy a new vase to replace it!
He sounds like a fun kid!
Yeah, well at least it didn't break the bank, things happen.
I hope you can also visit her there if you get the chance!
I know. My advice is take it seriously just in case
It's such a great joy to win something. I hope your luck continues.
Hopefully you can teach your friend to copy your behavior!
I can't wait to see it now!
The world is not fair.
I haven't had any in a while, but now I suddenly want some!
Something about watching the world's best really keeps me interested.
Yeah, gotta be careful and give them their space
Yeah, and it can stain. I drop my coffee more often than I am willing to admit.
Just don't get too close! You never know what can trigger them
And the snow! I'm excited to start skiing again
I really love snickerdoodles!
Singing is like any other skill. With time and practice, I bet you can really tune those pipes!
That's a good start, just stay motivated and focus on learning everything you can. You should pass the test easily.
Oh that's so nice! I'm sure you're a great coworker and employee
Always stay faithful, it is the best thing for your relationship.
I hope that never happens again.
That's too bad, small places are usually hidden gems for food
It's embarrassing in the moment, but I think there are more clumsy people all around us. 
what time is the trip
Was he ill or was it sudden? Either way, it's still painful. 
Great! I hope you have fun and remember it for a long time
Yes! Whats even worse is when other people don't pay attention in bad traffic!
I wish your friend could teach my dog a few tricks!
Fine. Have a joyful life ahead!
Ohh.. I see! I'm sorry to hear that. I've never had the personal experience of having to do so, but sometimes people really have to argue and advocate for themselves to get the things they feel they've earned and deserved, like a salary raise. I hope in the future you can do that so that you can feel like you're getting what you've earned.
Definitely, I'm not a super clean person but that's a bit far.
I hope you get a fresh start elsewhere!
Yes! Do you keep your favorite things of theirs? I always keep my favorite outfits of his and donate the rest!
ha ha i understand its creepy but then again my mother kept her mothers glass eyeball so i guess nothing would surprise me anymore! 
Hope! you'll get a good reply!
Give him some time. I'm in counseling and it's taken about a month for it to really help.
Hopefully this will work out well for everyone involved.
I am sure it was a great time!
I was proud of my mom when she started focusing more on her weight, too, just because of what you said--she's getting older. I wish she could live to 150, so anything that helps her live longer, makes me really happy. Good for you for making that choice sooner rather than later.
I understand and i seriously think finance should be taught in school at a young age but the banks do not want that and will fight to keep that class out of schools
That makes sense, but yeah, human error is a very real thing, which is why self driving cars would probably be an improvement
Well, it's always so annoying in the beginning, when you know you have to change, but to see how much work there is to do in order to reach that change. It's hard for people to break things up into smaller pieces so it's not so daunting. But congratulations to you for reaching a happier place
Whoa that sounds incredible. You are very lucky to have witnessed that.
Well, remember that he is doing something healthy for himself and that should make your relationship stronger in the end.
I hear you :) My mom is like that. It means you're a great nurturer.
Hmm, what state do you live in? Although I am in Michigan and we have poisonous ones here too. I didn't even realize in MID michigan we did until I almost stepped on one..I had a panic attack too lol
Oh yeah I know it. I have to work remote sometimes and, depending on the mood, loneliness hits hard.
I will have to look into those, they sound like a really good investment.
Oh my god! I would contact your city or DHEC. I bet if they started to get fined they would clean it up!
I think that is my problem with games, I dont have the time
I am sorry to hear that, I hope you are able to succeed eventually!
yea i wouldnt touch that no matter how much they wanted to pay me heh
Sounds like fun glad you got to do enjoy yourself 
Jesus! I hate opening my mail already because it's bills, I can't imagine trying to do something that ambitious which in of itself is a lot of work to get a business started and you have to learn so many different things, and then on top of it being sent stuff like that. Agghh! I hope it ends well for you, though.
Thats a job that is needed for sure. You could also try and get a degree in programming- it usually only takes a year? So many things you can do. Also look into selling online. It's a great business if you stay on top of it daily :)
Maybe they just don't notice it.
thats good
Some people have no integrity....
Oh no! I hope you find him
now that is impressive
spray the hose in that direction to get the tv wet.
Yay!  I had a little box turtle when I was younger, I liked her a lot.  I hope Mrs. Lee has a long and happy (and not thirsty :)) life with you!
Some don't like them. I can't do the ones that go straight down.
hahah stripped sounded so much better but okay tripped! I gotcha 
Next thing you know she will be walking. 
Sounds fun.  I hope you had a good time!
Oh, I feel terrible for both of you. Your hard work lost, and she probably feels really guilty too, for something that was maybe an accident. I hope you guys were able to talk it out and not get too upset with one another after a while.
Just hit the gym as soon as you can and you will feel better!
Yeah, I can understand how you would feel embarrassed there. It sounds like it didn't lead to anything too bad though, so maybe most people don't remember it happened at this point.
Yes the juice is certainly worth the squeeze
Enjoy it! You deserved it :) I hope you will get more checks like that 
i agree with you! I don't know what i would do without God. 
You were just in the moment, I bet it wont happen again
Wow. I bet that's going to hurt him later, though.
Its too soon to be homesick!
Good for you. Good luck. Just remember to have a good time and you will be fine. 
Absolutely. There are things far more important than lawn length.
ohh i mean maybe you can go and give it a try and see how he does
Cool, well have a good time theifing!
I feel you. Watching the leaves change colors makes me feel peaceful.
ive always wanted one of those but to be honest i would be afraid lol 
oh that was nice
I recommend taking some time to explore the city and find an hobby or interest and join some groups. It takes time to find a new set of friends.
Hopefully something similar will come up soon. Maybe you can check for another position in the company you're hoping for!
thats the law!
Then you'd get in lots of trouble as most places have laws that your dog can't be on the loose
I am sure you deserve it. That is fantastic.
Is it physical? If you need anything let me know.
sounds like the start of a business
Make sure to enjoy it to the fullest.
I think its time to invest in a can of bug spray
Behave on your vacation :)
Keep focused! You can do it! Being debt free is an amazing feeling!
thats always good 
Well hopefully you can go soon 
that sounds interesting
That is awesome. Kids here start tomorrow so I know the feeling of being ready for them to go!
It's just not worth it.
i agree with you there.
now how nice of you!! thats what  are friends for. I Hope you will get a job and your friend will get a gift!!
Good for you. Buy yourself something special.
You will still have plenty of time before your son becomes an unruly teenager.  Cherish it.
I bet she loves you for it either way! It doesn't matter how little the effort was, it matters if it was nice! 
Haha! I'd need a lot more than a free tshirt to eat a 3 pound burger!
im sure it will make you feel better.
That's so annoying. Maybe you should leave earlier next time
thats what im talking about!
Yeah. Oh to be a kid again and not have to deal with all that! So sorry you're going to miss time with your family. Hopefully they'll take lots of photos!
oh well good luck
What a jerk, I'm sorry that happened.
hahaha hope you have fun!
As long as it has good reviews, make sure you put a little squeeze of lime in it at the end. It really brings out the flavor. right before you serve it tho. 
my mom doesn't lol but she is crazy about healthy vegetarian food ,so :)
Well, go in with an open mind and maybe your experience will be different. And be sure you pay attention to the safety requirement!
I wish you a lot of luck, and try not to let it get the best of you ( way easy to say... way hard to actually do. i know ) 
I would be too! They should be more diligent with their shipping estimates!
That is awesome, I hope it goes well
Well that is good for you then!
Summer is my favorite because it means vacation!
We've all been there...at least I have.
I would defenitly just have her block the number, so he gets the message. 
Nothing to be nervous about, I'm sure you'll do fine!
that is what i love the most about Thanksgiving the food is always the best
I hope you do too! Applying is a huge step in the right direction!
I hope you can get it all cleaned up without too much trouble.
That is really crappy, i think whatever makes you feel that way you should try to figure it out and battle it! You deserve to be happy all the time. 
That would be bothersome, especially if it's taking away from your time.
That is very cool.   I like tech that is practical but also fun to use.  
Congrats, I've heard that many twins have a special bond so I hope they have that and do well.
That sounds like it would do the trick. Hopefully his couch is okay.
I hope you win!
Well they must think a lot of your abilities to promote you like that. I love Mexican food, btw :)
Okay, you know you can buy them too. And somebody lost for your gain.
Blood makes me freak out too. That is pretty scary! I'm glad they are okay.
Oh that's awful. I am glad you and your stuff is okay though!
That also helps relieve some stress off of you trying to get everything ready by yourselves.
It will feel like old times for sure
Of course,  that is fantastic!  Congratu;e him from me.
I bet! It takes quite a level of talent and composure to perform publicly like that. Kudos to your daughter!
Yes meet new people!
well you probably should start paying much attetion if you dont want to risk it
Oh, I understand. Maybe they make up for it on busy days, like weekends.I hope they stay open so you can continue to enjoy their food.
Thats unfortunate, I am sure they will forget
Sometimes you don't know when they'll pass unfortunately. I hope you take some time to grive.
That's really nice. I hope it was a big raise!
That's good to hear. But kids can be a handful when they are sick.
Oh man, I would fall asleep in that
I can understand that for sure.
Oh, I've never seen that. It sounds amazing! If they're anything like the F1 drivers they'll be incredible!
That's awesome, I hope he enjoys it too!
Amazing! That had to be really stressful too though
dont worry about it it happens to everyone it is nothing to be ashamed of
That's awesome that he is helping to break the mold then. Says just as much about him as it does about you, though. Takes good parenting to get him to that level of motivation
Yeah, I wasn't careful about what I ate when I was younger, and I'm really paying for it now. Hopefully they can get back in shape too.
I'm sure that's an awesome feeling. 
I see. You'll find balance along the way though.
I can understand that. And I live in the south, so it doesn't get that cold, so I can't really complain. I visited my girlfriend who lives in the midwest last winter, and it got under 0 at times. I could not live like that long term.
Probably they just fell bad for you, thank god it was not worse.
My girlfriend has complained about rats too, since she lives in the midwest. Says she'll be taking out the trash and she'll hear them scurrying and it will freak her out. Good luck to you guys who have to deal with the little disease-infested things..
It's worth it! It'll teach you a lot that you'll use later in life 
I really feel for you. It's not easy, I won't kid you. But at least you understand what's happening and are obviously prepared for the inevitable.
Hopefully you have some wine to celebrate with! 
i completely understand, i hope they will call you soon so you won't have to
I understand. You know there are websites were you can answer a few questions about the person you are buy a gift for and then it makes gift recommendations for that person.
It sounds like you have a keep of a place to go!
You did things right. You will be able to retire one day on your current track.
It'd be cool if she made it to the stage where she could play the World Cup.. I feel like that's such a cool sporting event, and if you had your child in that, that'd create some kind of family legacy.
That's very kind of you. Too often people neglect stray animals and they suffer terrible short lives.
Maybe or at least recovered your basketball!
Thats great. I hope you both enjoy yourselves.
That is great, at least there was something positive!
I love thai food, I can see why it made you feel good!
Yes it's always good to have family!
I'm very sorry for your loss. I'm glad you have the letter from him though.
Everyone needs a math genius friend, lol. At least, you do if you're as hopeless at math as I am!
i understand how you feel though. i would feel lonely but i would definitely do something fun like play video games or watch movie
I hope you can. If you think there's even a chance, then give it a shot, if it will save you that much money. My brother watches Youtube videos all the time of how to fix random things, and it seems to work for him. If you're the type of person that can learn that way, and if you have the patience, then I think it's a good thing to try.
Oh yes that sounds a little dangerous I wouldn't take that flight unless it was necessary. 
Yes!v and a good exercise too!
i love chicken alfredo! so delicious. I wish i could nap too lol i'm a mom, moms don't nap
Wow, so it definitely made a difference. I bet you will be drinking more then.
i bet! High school was fun. We couldn't wait to become adults lol
No, they're not, and it's not just in this country. Europe is terrible for dog poo in the streets!
Well atleast he did what he could to show you he cares.
That sounds horrifying. Pretty sure I would die.
Maybe next time have a huge meal before you start baking. That way you arent hungry. 
You did great. Just wait and don't stress about it.
Well that's good. I hope her makes it before the end of the day and you get your package.
Growing up sucks! Lmao
That takes a lot of courage. I'm proud of you! I moved last year and it's both fun and scary at the same time
lol, you are such a nice person. I would have definately kicked that guy out!
That's a great plan. I hope your wife makes it happen!
That is good, who knows if the dog has rabies or not. It would be unpleasant to get bit! 
Oh no!! I hope it comes soon. I know how that it to be waiting for money to come. 
I understadn that, Others business is a very sensitive subject
I know what you mean. It seems they keep the crap shows going for years and the good ones get cancelled. 
You should also post the license plate on social media. Sometimes public shaming does wonders.
It's always good when you have a teacher who cares and puts forth the effort to help you as much as possible.
That is great. You must have been very confident up there.
Thats right, taht makes me so happy to know
I guess you're right. Education isn't something that can be rushed! But still, I think homework is a little excessive.
I built my own too a few years ago.
There'll probably be something else
That's good
That sounds so good. I haven't had one in forever.
Man that's going to be so awesome! 
Is this a true story
Thatnks, just a matter of preference I guess.
im so sorry,  thats why im not the biggest fan of animals.
I understand that. I hate rollercoasters too.
I wish I were so content. Must be a nice feeling.
Well, I hope they had insurance at least.
They should use metal. That never breaks. Sorry that happened to you.
Thats absoulty terrifying to be honest.
Doesn't sound too bad
Never heard of it. I hope it was a good show!
Oh no, I bet she ends up loving it!  Best of luck!
Think of all the mindless browsing you can do now!
That's wonderful! I'm happy for you. Hopefully he got you something meaningful, sentimental, and long-lasting so that you can keep on enjoying it!
maybe one day we will win really big! who knows
Hahaha yeah, that kinda sucks
That sounds like a really cool idea. I hope that it turns out well!
Chemotherapy and radiation can really take their toll. There is a program through the cancer society that does a day of beauty with cancer patients. They give them a makeover, giftbags, wigs if needed.
I'd imagine it feels pretty nostalgic
Well, I feel for ya! I'm a very clumsy person myself, trip all the time.
Maybe try and reach out on social media to a few of them. Im sure they would love to hear from you.
Yeah, that's what they do. Hahaha
Then I am sure the cat is yours. Enjoy your ball of fur!
I think we all have our good days and bad days. Just keeping plugging along and I bet it gets better soon. It recently did for me.
I know how you feel. Keep your head up. Start putting out more applicaitons.
Perfect. Must have been a nice surprise.
Good! The sooner the better!'
Good thing you found that guy and not someone else
Cool! There isn't anything like that around where I live
How did it go? S[eeches can be intimidating
Well he checks all of the boxes doesn't he!
Dang that's harsh homie...so sorry to hear that bud.  Don't worry as much as it hurts now she did you the favor of kicking herself out of your life...you deserve better than her 
You should get traps. You may have scared it away. I think only mice get scared though. Rats are like dinosaur mice
Well I am sure he will appreciate the effort even if it doesn't come out great. You are being thoughtful.
That's so bad. I don't have any pets
It's beautiful I'm sure you'll have tons of fun.
Hopefully he keeps up. Im sure he has a great attitude.
That shows how lucky you can be!
Probably a good idea!
That's so sad. I hope you feel better soon. I would be so devastated too.
That is all that people can expect of you, that you try to be the best you possible, each and every day.
Wow that's awesome.
I agree, most don't bother with something so simple like throwing away trash or returning grocery carts or holding open doors.
Sounds awesome, I've never been to Europe
That is awesome. Everyone wishes to find someone like that.
Nice. That is pretty awesome
$1 Billion come to me.  Im ready to recieve you
That's way too expensive for a bag. What is it made of, gold? Haha.
She sure surprised you. I hope you have a great time at the concert.
Yea that is true. I hate that.
Yeah same to you. I'm counting down the days until I get to see them again. 
Yep that happens lots of times but, I don't think we're supposed to talk about the elephant in the room per the instructions..
I hope you do well and pass the exam!
I hear you. Just think in the old days you would have to write letters, lol.
Don't mind them, everyone has a tough time everynow and then. You'll be okay
That is cool.
Dang, I'm seriously about to go get one now you made me jealous.  Not even lying.
You got to stay focused and make that money. Don't want the world to pass you by
awww that is so sad. i hope it recognizes you after some time together.
Yes, definitely get a blood test so you know what you need to watch out for
Oh ok, thats not as bad.  I thought it was before he got a chance to blow out the candles
Oh, well it'll come in soon enough, you can look forward to it next weekend
Hahaha, sounds like a great time, you should prepare some games to play at the party
I feel you. Some people just suck.
That's awesome. The beach is always a good time, especially when the weather is nice!
All iguana's go to heaven so I'm sure he is
Aha of course, the oldest operant conditioning trick in the book. I love it!
It's good to have reliable friends.
I'm sure it will be ok. It's probably nothing. 
that is so sweet. it would be fun if you have children so you can share it with them.
Yea that will be a little lonely for sure. Just try and stay productive as much as possible.
Nice! Make sure to take lots of photos and make some cool memories together!
I know, and I know it can be really hard to deal with that guilt. You want to solve the problem though, and that's still worth something. Being able to take the little victories will go a long way toward the goal you want in terms of how you treat your husband.
It's good you've grown and learned. Never stop 
It defintiely sounds bad.
I understand.
oh my word. that is like a nightmare not a bad dream.
Well I hope that it all goes your way!
I don't think that being bossy. You are just really concerned with getting a job done efficiently 
I like a lot COD. It is one of my favorites.
That's good.  Just stay away from the beans and spicy food haha
That sounds like a really good time. It will be like you are a kid again!
Oh wow. Pets can be just like family members. It's hard to lose them I know.
Just try to relax and not worry so much. Yes something bad could happen but there's also a chance nothing goes wrong. Having anxiety about something can be hard to overcome but you can do it :)
That must have been the most epic Christmas ever!  I think someone gave us ours but I can't remember.  Makes me want to play now!
That is so awesome. Im sure it will be a very fun day to share with everyone.
haha. you are very welsome. that's what happens after years of dirty microwave cleaning.
Oh god I'm so sorry for you! I hope everything goes well
I hope its a major triumph for you both!  
Nice you seem pretty open minded about so I'm sure you'll handle yourself well.
haha, well maybe they didn't want to embarass you.
Yes, need to check those sell by dates. Meat may only be good for a few days afterwards.
I am sure you have worked very hard to get to this place! 
I hope he enjoys his new job and can celebrate
I hope they finish up soon. That could drive someone crazy going on for so long.
That is very disappointing. Maybe next time text or talk on the phone a little bit to see if you will have something in common.
Ah ok, it is fine
Hope she recovers and feels better overall soon. That can be quite the scare!
Have you ever gotten to go to a Cirque du Soliel?  If you like acrobats you would love that!
I suggest a Night Owl surveillance system.
Sounds to me like you need to build your self-confidence a bit more.
Nice do you mind sharing what it was...my mom had a cyst in her ovaries but it ended up being benign
Part time self employed and part time just employed by a company. The company lets me choose my shifts though so... still full control.
Defenitly, and employers can be unreasonable sometimes.
have you always wanted a jeep they seem pretty fun to drive.
I haven't peed my pants ever. Guess I am just lucky.
My Japanese spitz did that once...lady was waving a bone around and pulling back...til he caught her with one snap and almost bit her finger clean off
Well, I guess one night without beer is not going to kill you.  
you got it bro!
Wow, impressive!  I'd have to get some category like Kids or Nutrition to know much of anything. ha ha
You need to go see them and overcome your fear of bats
Are you in a right to work state? Here in my state they don't have to have a reason.
Yeah it can be hard. I resorted to wearing noise cancelling headphones myself!
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope the doctor can give you some treatment options. 
I've been looking forward to it starting too. Not a lot going on at the moment. But that's wonderful to hear!
Well I guess it worked itself out. 
Good.
That does sound scary.  I would have used my phone flashlight
thats nice
Wow, that sounds really complicated.  I could never do that.  Id send you a thank you card too
As long as it's not too delinquent, and you have an otherwise good history of on-time payments, you should be okay! Try talking to your loan servicer, too. They can help.
Thats the worst.  I would feel so awful if I left a dent and fleed the scene of the crime.  Hopefully the guilt is eating away at that person.
I will try my best.
haha well hey it happens to the best of us...I do it around my friends all the time
I bet. It will be great to have some time to unwind and not think about it.
you should do a test drive and apply some math to the pay difference to decide if its worth it.
My kids want one of those, but we have to wait until the youngest is old enough. So cute!
I hope it goes well. Children are great.
I was really neither.
Well that makes sense.  And I'm sure you can do the same in good time, just stay hungry and be about your paper!
Oh wow, defenitly sounds like he was too focused on video games. Maybe talk to him about how it made you feel so you don't get resentful. 
Well that's just the worst. At least you're okay now! I don't know how you managed it.
Awesome good luck
Could have been worse! 
oh nice.  Thatll be fun.
that is awesome at least you didn't get hurt. that's what is important
that is horrible. i hope that your family can really cope thru this difficult time.
You should talk to her about that.
I'm sure the other people thought kids will be kids.  He'll learn eventually!
Wow, that really sucks, I'm sorry to hear that. You deserve to take yourself some vacation time or sick time or something.
Just putting away a little still helps
i must agree. even when i get spaghetti legs i must say it's worth the rush that comes with it.
oh that sounds interesting
Terrible. So he is making himself unhealthy for a t shirt.
Oh cute.  I have one.  SHe is the nicest dog
Yeah that is always gross
hopefully it works out for you
Lol! Ah- Well cherish them while you can in the summers even though it can be tiring :)
If that happens again, you should tell them they should have to pay you the appropriate wage to do work that they're supposed to be doing themselves. That's insane!
Well I hope you can find some peace from those dreams.
Fantastic!
Well, maybe you won't do it again.
Me too, sometime, I had the same feeling about someone walking behind me.
yea thats good they did
That will be so fun!
Hopefully you can understand the instructions.
Well then that's all the more reason to take more trips so you can see them! Maybe go on a couchsurfing tour of the world!
thats good, keep going!
Thats still tough to go through though
That is so exciting. 
i'm sure you will do just fine. i hope that you will do well.
ah that stinks
we've had some pretty bad storms here too this year. it worries me too
I like memories like that
what do you plan to do there
That does sound a little scary
I am sure no one really noticed
probably the best option
Thats so annoying.  Ive been in a similar situation. Just keep working hard. Youll get there one day
i highly doubt that
Oh man, good luck! Hope you roll high.
Well good luck to her.  I know that's a tough thing to recover from.
Yeah, I think we all wish that was possible
That is very smart
Spread of that magic, my dude.
Stir fries are the bomb.
I wonder if there are any repair shops that could fix it
I mean they could have just run your items instead of making you mad.
Oh well that's a bit different of a situation, lol. I gotcha! I didn't know you had to retake the test if you accidentally let it expire. But I'm sure you did great!
That sounds very good right now
That's crazy. Well, I hope you have an awesome weekend!
that does sound good
keep it up!
That is amazing.  He should be on one of those food shows to see how much he can eat.
You dont know what you got till its gone.. lol the ignorance!!!
You must have a good, positive energy and that's what they miss.  I used to be the same.  But when they're dead and gone you'll miss the pestering so love them for who they are, you're still free to make your own choices. Peace
I've never even attempted something so huge. You must be very creative and precise. 
I hope you will be able to heal from this. 
dang that sucks.. hopefully it pay well
Yes defenitly! Go on the ferris wheel and buy her some cotton candy :)
Ah ah, have fun.
That is so awesome, so it was a real life advanced battle bots.  So amazing.  Congratulations!
I hope you have a great time!
Wow, that's awful but you know, we all make dumb mistakes like that in desperate times.
I hope my kids say the same thing about me helping them that much when they grow up.
hmm did you try calling pest control
i wish i could do that too
Yeah, that does sound a little scary
Very nice. I need to learn some new words.
Nice! The summer is the perfect time for the beach.
Eeeewwww... some people have no shame
That's great news to hear!
they dont care about you unless you got tons of money in their back
oh yea .. well you can facetime or video chat in the meantime!
Ha ha!  Guess they like what they see! 
That's funny.
I know that feeling, friend.
I hope you are able to get it done in time - I love cheesecake so I'm jealous I won't be there to eat it!
That's human, when you live for a while you don't have to get stuff right the first time.
Believe me, I've eaten my fair share of it. My stepmom used to take me and my brother there when we were younger. I'll always have fond memories of it. But you're right, I do need to go back and get some more sometime!
Well it's good you have some friendly support in case it goes poorly.
Oh not that much really.
I'm sure it'll be amazing
Awww give him some time. I'm sure he'll get to it eventually.
Ugh, its the worst. I've had that happen a few times to me.  Like a punch to the gut.
I wish I had a friend like you.
Its just cake, there will always be another cake
Oh yes, to be raised by or spend as much time with their family. It sure is a crazy world.
yea
I'll pray for ya! You need a break before you burn out.
I guess you have to asks its creator
I hope you get some sun where you are, too. Too much rain can get depressing.
That, I think, is a pretty justifiable response honestly, lol. Now at the very least all you'll have to do is clean the umbrella!
Hopefully, it'll be smooth sailing from no onwards.
Tsk tsk gotta have a backup.  Nothing turns a girl off more than having to pay for everything...they like the feeling of security
That is a whole lot of money!
im sure you will do great where ever you end up going
I wish you more success in your education.
Ah, well if you haven't sold it yet, there's still time to return it!
oh that sounds like fun
I feel like I have heard that a lot tonight
A lot of girls don't follow the traditional ways anymore.
It's like you're looking at someone else almost.
I guess work does that sometimes
If theres a will then theres a way! Er in most situations, were not talking about you trying to do brain surgery tomorrow or anything. 
You never know with those cats. They are very sly.
Then it will be appropriate if it pays off for you. If you win first prize, I'm gonna need you to start getting it put in grocery stores so I can buy some!
sounds scary
That's a bummer. Well I hope you can find another weekend to make up for it.
Oh man. You'll get to spend time with the family, too. that's what's up.
I know right!  Asian food is pricey.
hahaha still in shock, hu? Well, as long as it's the good of shock. :)
I understand, people do it all of the time
yea i can understand that
Northeast here. Must be raining all along the coast.
I guess it was just meant to be then
I bet! I am glad it wasn't even for serious than it was already.
I am rooting for the Longhorns!
I do miss that as well, maybe it will come back
It does. Feeling bad about it is enough to show you care about her, which is something, paradoxically, to feel good about I think. Just keep being a good dad to her. :)
At this age, they are cute.
That is so wonderful, because that doesn't normally happen.
I hope that gets resolved soon.
Turn the AC up a little :)
I thought the name was dumb too, but the previews looked awesome. Is it scary at all because I don't llike anthing remotel scary
Good luck, lots of coffee!
Its the perfect time to go see them then
You must be feeling pretty guilty. That sucks. 
I am sure you will do better next time
Wow, I can only imagine what other gross things she does.
I used to LOVE Mario Kart - I'm not a big video game fan but I loved that one.  I can see why you are excited about it coming out!
Wow that's very annoying, he should be arrested.
That's a wonderful idea, I love that! And you know, if you find you can't quite do the exact same thing for someone else, you can always donate food to a food bank or something. It's the exact same thing, and it'll make you feel awesome.
i am sorry to hear that. that is a bad incident to have happen on vacation
That's terrible I wouldn't like for that to happen to me.
Oh my my, hope it gets fixed fast
I can't wait until my daughter is old enough to go to school lol 
I know how that feels. Its a good feeling to be on the right path finally
Sounds like a bunch of tasty items! My mom used to make a banging apple pie whenever I came home for Thanksgiving. It was the best feeling in the world eating it.
Hey, a new car is a new car!  I'm dying from heat in my car since the A/C broke.  Have fun driving!
I mean yeah, it can't hurt, can it? I'm sure they'll be excited to meet you and get to know you as much as vice versa. Plus, who knows? Your new best friend might be in there for all you know!
I like cats, but not those kind of cats
Well thats good. If you can find a hobby to occupy those evenings that would be best.
I'm glad you're okay.  It is so embarrassing.  I've done that before but at least you got back up!  Pride can heal and a body takes longer to! 
Maybe I should get over my fear and finally ride one.
I am sorry to hear that. I was pretty distraught when I lost my granddad as well. May he rest in peace.
Good luck, I'm sure you will do well.
Omg, I would be videoing it for sure lol
I have never had any either. I hope you enjoy them!
That's great! I may look it up and go to their grand opening as well.
I'm glad!  It's funny how we can look back and be able to remember the good times!
You must really trust these people. Yall must have been friends for a long time.
Hard work is always rewarded!
I visited once there. The people are very nice.
Sometimes thats the best option.
you would be irritated for couple of days then 
I am sure you two will be having babies in no time if you hit her up right this instant!
Yup.  But here's a link https://www.facebook.com/doggocom/photos/pcb.511713622609187/511711852609364/?type=3&theater
OH like a raise? If you worked hard they should give it to you
ah thats so bad!!. You are right in this age we need to get rid of this written checks
Ohh I feel bad for you. I am sure everything going to be alright.
I am sure you're going to crush it into the ground.
I hope you do well then
Yeah, and it's just one more thing you have to keep track of
Ohh don't feel bad. I am sure someday you will get one.
Your dog is very lucky!
yeah she was an older family dog.
You are doing a great job ! You are following our conversation naturally.
Maybe you will win next time.
I dont think I could go anywhere where they may be. Its terrifying to think about.
I generally tend to start walking away from them.
Oh wow, You probably shouldn't be drinking and driving tho.
That is a sticky situation to be in
You had that instinct. 
Aw, well it's good that you guys took him in. You're a kind sould.
Pets are amazing in that way. Glad he was there for you when you needed it.
Dang, I bet that'll be better than that racist Papa John's pizza!
I'm sure it was! Kinda feel bad for it.
Great! I'm so happy that your hard work was worth it!
hm must've been a big goldfish.
No, no! I swear I don't! I meant the cracker goldfish! The crackers!!!
I bet! I would be too! I am so sorry that happened to you.
I will definitely be on the lookout for it. That is awesome though, you were supporting your team! You may have been all by yourself, but you were the only one getting to celebrate! Hell yeah, brother!
Well I'm sure you figured out your mistake right away!
Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. Maybe it's not that bad? just drink a lot of water
I am sure you will. Just gotta keep kicking butt and taking names!
Aw. I do that too. I still have my old cell phones with videos of mt babies doing nothing lol
That sucks. I hope it helps!
Animals are pretty intuitive.  That are great at picking up people's moods I have found
it is a life changer for sure. it will change the everyday activities in your life
Great car! I love Subarus, my favorite is the impreza with turbo
Sounds like a great girlfriend. I am sure she will be around for whenever you need her like you did last week.
That sounds like a touching moment. How wonderful for you!
Ohh I am so sorry. That one's my favorite too! But, I feel bad for you.
Oh wow, I hope you get some help soon.
You will definitely will 
Definitely take some time to vent out your anger. It's totally undestandable.
Sounds like you had a great childhood, you can try playing it now by downloading an emulator haha, I tried that and it was great
then you got good set of friends. Don't lose them for your life!!
Yeah that's pretty unacceptable. As a former teacher myself, I can assure you that as much as I loved those kids, my kids would always come first no matter what.
I am sure you'll reach your goal one day. I do hope you get that brand spanking new car.
did your girlfriend like that
That's great! Make sure to check your answers twice!
I love doing that too and the price is totally worth it.
I'd get some new friends that's for sure!!  It stinks when they don't stick with you!
I am sure. I do hope that they find the cause.
was it colorful or did it play a tune ? 
okay do it continue, it will clear
Yea, that's a really emotional one for a lot of people.  I see that one mentioned a lot for tear jerkers.
Oh man. Well, be careful out there. Wouldn't want anything to happen to you or your family.
Hahaha, me too definitely
Well I hope your dog is feeling better, it would be bad if he was feeling sick or stressed
Sounds pretty cool. I am sure he will end up investing.
Oh ok. That is a realy good show. I watch it too.
I am sure. I do hope you find peace with your football watching and your good ole dad.
Poor dog, I hope she learns from it
That is a really complex word!
Mine does the same! It's nice coming home to a clean house everyday.
You should also reach out to  her
People have to look after themselves
We need to do an online petition and raise a complaint against authority!!
Good to hear. I hope the house warming party is banging.
i am so sure you will miss her. Keep in touch with her though
I bet, stay strong!
are there places you can take the dog where they teach them not to do that
I am sure you can go back.
Wow, I bet. He must make a lot of money!
It is so sad. I worry everyday about my school age kids.
You can always try again tomorrow
I believe its out there for all of us, we just gotta find it.
Well, in that case it's better that you just relax.
Why were you not sleeping
if you studied really hard then you should
I'm not sure what that means, but you should talk to him about it!
Cool.
I am sorry you felt that way.
Yeah I would to if I was in your position. 
Is her litter box full? My cat does that when it is too full and I neglect to clean it.
I feel you. Last time I did that I was late for work...I hate it when it happends.
Eh, it's okay. Don't beat yourself up about it. It's truly a victimless crime. There are much, much worse things you could have done, I promise.
next time call the police
That's disgusting. Some people are pigs.
I don't think that 's very healthy. 
you only get one family
ah that sucks!! but you can't help it. It's your friend's decision
I would get up in her face and show her who's boss. Break out the broom and crack it across her old, measly back!
I think I'd look into entering some eating contests if I were you!
Good luck :)
I bet! I would be too scared to even try!
I am sure you will get better.
I think that as a bit harsh!  It wasn't like you did it on purpose thinking it would be funny or anything.
You might want to find a new job
I know exactly what you mean! All the old flames, the old rivalries, everything is like it was yesterday. It's a pretty cool feeling.
Oh wow. Well good for him! I know that makes you happy!
I know how you feel. I've had shows that I've loved that have ended and it's like losing a best friend.  I'm sorry it's ending.
oh I only have a few more years with mine too
Yes he could be! Maybe you should check under the bed right now. He could be watching you.
I would remove him from your family tree. That will show him.
Yeah, maybe have a talk with her. Or maybe think positive, she might be getting you a gift? Haha
Ugh, Its such a weird brain function.
lol. Hopefully that will be the last one you run over.
It's good that you went easy on her.
Sounds like the right move. Good on you for standing up for yourself.
Aww, that's sad to hear. I hope you didn't lose too much sleep!
Ah, makes sense. Just drink milk everyday and it should be fine in a week.
Ah. What a terrible inconvenience!
Yikes! That must have been terrible
thats a nice chunk of change
Hm.. judging from your conditions, maybe McDonald's isn't the best place for your to eat anyway! 
you will be a great motivational coach. Such positivity !
I understand. But you are human! 
Oh no, I hope you can get the shoe removed from your foot.
Oh okay well that sounds nice. I haven't played much tennis but I miss having more free time to do similar hobbies.
How sweet. I might get one myself then.
Yeah, they're a great group. Very fun and uplifting.
Yeah they're all pay to play, I think you should be able to play the whole game the first time you buy it...
You should call the police on him.
I truly respect and admire those people. They are the most beneficial members of the society
Oh yeah, that's not great. Next time make sure to say no directly to his face
Then I know you will do great! Good luck!
now you have me excited too
Hahaha, well she found the "one" I guess
I would be grossed out too
It is good that you care about that too.
yep, its the not knowing that gets to you most.
I am sorry. At least you tried.
Did you gave any pet name to your cat
You are right. Some people should never drive a car again!
You can tell me anything.
wow, thats slightly harsh, but they have to learn some way.
I wants had a smoothie that was terrible there
Oh fun! A little girl will be a great addition to the family
No, he truly is lower than a dog himself
Now, that is scary!! Without power for days would be a nightmare 
The thing I don't like is that the HOA monitors that type of stuff.
Oh well I'm sure they didn't judge you, it could happen to anyone
that had to be a long time ago
then you should instigate something in school!!
That's ok, I did not know much about it
You should then wait for it. Not sure how much time it will take though!!
I don't believe in god, but I hope you have a good doctor
Maybe video chat them a bit more, talk to them daily to let them feel your presence
you are so skillful!! you should start your own brand!!
I am a huge fan of hers too!
Ahh, I don't have any siblings but I bet it was a great time
Yeah small hint of peace in the morning before your hectic work day starts and all those meetings.
That is true. They probably look way different in person
Oh don't think like that, it will only make things worse. Just be supportive and focus on yourself
Wow so happy for you. I have always wanted to go myself.
I'm sorry that happened to you.
Whoop! it's gonna be a fun time!
What a horrible thing to witness
wow, you are so lucky, I love the beach
I would be as well. I would just keep a close eye on him whenever you can. Be his eyes.
Don't worry, just appreciate him everyday
i dont blame you. i moved out at 17 and i couldnt ever move back..
You should celebrate when you hear back!
thats hilarious and terrible at the same time.
Maybe you can invite someone every now and then, like a neighbor or someone you trust.
You also sound like a good person.
Thats right! they didnt wanna to see the slaughter anymore.
Oh ok. That is so nice of y'all. That does not happen often enough.
Yeah I understand that. I hope you feel better!
Yes, it's a traumatic experience to be in an earthquake
I like your positive attitude!
why?? its good time to think
Don't feel too hard on yourself. I am sure you did your best.
ah that is also there. You will make new friends!!
Costume parties are very fun to attend. If i ever attend one, then i will go in iron man suit. I just love that character and its personality
I suppose that's true, although I heard a lot of people were not happy with it.
Good thing you didn't get lost!
Me either, I have broken every phone ive owned!
How exciting! Hopefully it doesn't hurt too bad.
LOL a bat, how random
I hope it does and you can KEEP going there! haha
Now that is what I am talking about!
It's okay to give in to cravings every now and then.
you should reduce the intake!!
thats gross, go see the dentist please!
You will if you believe you can!
thats awesome, I love applbees, I like to drink there alot
I have only 2-3 close friends with whom I closely associate. I think that is the ideal number one should have
very bleak, maybe we will have some sort of saving grace candidate.
Exactly! I'd like to pick it up with a scooper and throw it in their faces.
Perfect, make him think you dont know, or dont know everything.
I wish you all the luck!
I'd be livid! Some people just won't let us have nice things, I swear.
I'm always nervous at job interviews!
i'm glad he was able to get some relief from that storm anxiety 
i can understand that. it is hard at first but then it gets better. 
I hope you will be at peace soon.
Well maybe this will teach him a lesson and he'll come out of prison a new man.
thats true, its always good to get testing and precautionary procedures. 
It's always nice to have someone show you things. You're very lucky.
I hope you get the job!
I can't wait to have a dog. Maybe when my daughter is older..
that's the confidence. I am sure you will do it
I'm glad that you care about others.
hahaha, thats true, thats not the worst outcome
that sounds like a crazy day
That's a good idea! Or use a vacuum if you can.
nothing worse than being unprepared for a disaster 
Wow, that is very high position!
Thats a real eater right there, big belly.
It really is. kids can sure bring a wave of emotions upon us.
Hard work pays off
He should have eaten it sooner!
yeah those do help.set up a perimiter
That's a great idea! Maybe go to the park too and meet people there.
Aww I hope so too. Dogs are precious and they aren't here long. We have to be happy for our time with them no matter what.
yea  have a cat, i like him
Totally understandable... I'd be a bit apprehensive too
I think lasagna is one of my favorite things to make
Yeah, I have had some legendary hangovers. I try to moderate better these days haha.
Well hopefully it doesn't rain or anything.
yea i hate it
it'll get better in time
man thats really disheartening, you should type faster  tho
That's a fun place to go. You'll have to be sure to take lots of pics!
Wow I hope everything works out for you!
Interesting you say that. Here it's warm as well and we had a big rain storm and got some large hail as well!
yea i bet that feels good
That's the thing about pets, hard to stay mad at them!
Hopefully, she seems really smart.
He seems to be on the right path now then
still tho thats dangerous
Good luck! I'm sure you did great.
Well I hope you get it!
I know what you mean. I think you'll do great though.
yea i would be too
I actually took it late evening class without too many students and even was scared and only had to speak in front of the professor.
That's fair, having a father figure be present is really important.
The only way I'll get in is if I'm too drunk to care if I get eaten lol
Yes! It is always good to have a positive attitude.
Good for him. But do not count on such things happening in life. They are very rare unless you put hard work to get them
That is usually pretty unlikely but I'm rooting for you.
Indeed, enjoy your time away!
Oh I enjoyed board games when I was little too
i bet it was
I'm sure I would've been shaking as well!
Oh wow, I'm sorry to hear that. That must hurt.
i would be to. people need to be more aware on the road
yea i bet it does
Yeah, as long as it is loud but not too close I usually love it!
I hope you have more nights like it!
Oh man, having weekends off is such a deal breaker for me too. 
Don't be upset about it. Kids do not yet have conscious ability to think concretely in terms of other's feelings
Yes, I can imagine it must be hard for you as well. I wish you guys all the best.
i dont blame you
Good luck! I hope you get it.
I can't imagine why that person would do that! So unreasonable.
That's wonderful! I hope you had or have a great time!
I really like cats but I want a dog at some point.
I bet. Poor kitty, I hope he/she feels better soon.
i bet it is, good luck with tha
Oh wow that sounds so scary! I might have done the same actually!
I once was bitten by a snake, luckily it had no venom.
Luckily you can always contact your husband to see how he is doing and hear his voice.
If it's not bad,, I wouldn't tell them
Yeah, usually you just move on. There are plenty more fish in the sea!
That's always a great way to make me feel more at ease!
Frick isn't a curse word.
Yeah that's the same reason as me.
that is tough. my mothere also has her little dog. but more than likely she will move in with my family
Congrats, you should try to sleep some thou.
great! I wish i could find a profitable business.  i don't like worker for other people.
Yep there's nothing wrong with either of those things!
Yes indeed,  I've had to deal without power for 48 hours the last bad storm.  Almost three years ago, I was actually struck by lightning while in my home. 
thats great good for you.
You are a good friend I think
Cool, that sounds like a great weekend!
That is too bad, don't give up hope thou.
Oh that's a relief though!
That's good. I guess you never know what to expect sometimes.
Hopefully you have enough time to see all the parks.
Better luck next time!
yea i bet it is
Yep that's the way to do it!
so am i .im a guitar player, not a singer
That was very nice of her.
That's pretty annoying that nobody told you!
That's cool! It's always good to hear when people decide to take a good step forward.
Oh cool! Sounds like fun!
He may not.  He has certainly made a few enemies.
That's a great position to take especially when something like this occur.  It puts so many things in perspective on what's important.  I'm glad you have good doctors so you can focus on just being there for her.
It really could help. I heard Einstein used to wear the same clothes everyday because it would help him stay focused on his studies! 
still worth it imo
That was nice, you should help them next time.
Oh so it was your work? That's understandable then.
Wow I'm sorry I hope you can figure something out!
i get what you meam
wow. glad to hear you are ok
Well hopefully you feel better about the situation. It will hurt for awhile.
That is great news, good job.
Cool, sorry to hear that you didn't get it.
That's fair, good for them then!
It sometimes helps to remember the good times you had together.  
Geez, hopefully they get caught someday for driving so reckless. Good to hear you are okay.
i would always do that
Glad you have a place like it to enjoy
The cat must of got tired.
That was brave of you to talk to her.
That's a good way to be a parent. They will grow up to be more honest and respectable.
That's a nice commitment.  My father is an Air Force veteran.  I'm not too fond of the military, but it definitely makes a difference in the lives of many.
Yes, I wish I could go back in a time machine.
He doesn't really say anything of substance in my opinion. Just vague words. But hey, to each his own!
Maybe you should cook for her one night.
Ohhh that's a hard subject. I struggled with physics a lot, but not as much as chemistry.
That's a good amount, cool!
yea i would die if i saw that
I'm glad you are okay. That sounds terrifying!
Good. But my advice to you is do not count on them too much as they have astronomically low chances of winning even anything at all
Just be careful and don't get too excited and start swiping it all over!
That's awesome to have that type of dedication.
He pretty much has everything at this point.
They can hire teachers to come to the house.
Sounds delish! I really like Moes southwest grill. If you get the chance you should try it.
The food is not very healthy so you are not missing much
yes you should. its not hard!
Man, the tax system needs a complete overhaul. Hope things work out for you in the future.
That sounds fun! I like boats, but I don't think I would be a good rower.
I never heard about it. I'm glad nobody died though!
All you can do is keep working hard.
The kids can always visit you.
Well Its always fun to get the people on their phones thrown out of the movie theater
Those are good cars.  I have a volkswagen beetle and I love it!
Yes, pizza with some olive oil and balsamic vinegar dipping. 
I hope they caught the guy.
I need to look it up, never heard of it.
My dog is the worst, Always crys, he is pretty young. But I wish he was like your dog.
i agree. no one can ever take those from us
I hope everything goes well for you!
Unfortunately there are people like that in this world, but maybe they can change someday.
seeing the people you love in real life feels always different, i'm glad you were happy!
Same here, CS is just as important as the products we buy.
Well you should take a leap of faith and go in with an open mind.
That was very nice of him.
It's rare this days for people to hand make gifts or anything.
best to block her in every way so you don't hear about her life
Well what you should do first is be with your family and those who care about you.
I just love relaxing here. My favourite thing is no neighbours !
that sounds so interesting!
Well, I am working my way up to taking a flight across the oceans perhaps one where I'm in a plane in the sky for over 8 hours.  Outside of that, I will give it to you that you are really brave.
Haha sadly it does not. I still hold off on doing it in my own apartment at 26. Unless they are very young I don't think here really is a good way unless it smells
wow!! that sounds horrible! i cant believe she even tried to get your number! did you give it to her? hahah
I bet that was a relief and pretty funny when you look back on it.
I bet you feel really respected and welcome there.
Oh that's great! You must be very proud.
That's great that you had someone to help you.
That's great. I hope you have a wonderful time.
I cant stand noisy pipes. I hope he is able to fix it for you. 
I would be to if I were in your shoes.  I would be very disappointed too.
Hopefully he can take constructive criticism, I think more people should be open to that.
Saved you the money from having to call pop a lock.
I felt the same way when my youngest started school. They grow up so fast. 
That is so sad, they don't seem to understand workers.
That sounds terrible. I hate to hear single mothers dealing with extra problems like these. If anything I would advise your son to be careful and defend himself.
Now it's your turn! Surprise her with something that will remind her of something special too. People hate to hear it, but our parents are only with us for so long, and when they're gone we have so many regrets. Use that as a motivator
I'm sorry!  Maybe you could try distancing yourself from this person, you have to protect yourself first.
Oh..the phone part is the worst! And being transferred and re-telling the story! I am glad they reversed it though! Most companies won't!
That's terrible, but good for you for having a plan. You'll get through it, your happiness is the most important thing!
Oh fantastic! I am sure they are happy to be home.
That is good, maybe you can still hang out with them outside of work.
I am sorry to hear that but luckily noone got hurt.
I know how you feel... people also get married and have kids.
As long as you have an easy way to fill it up.
That's so nice of you. As I said, most people are very nice. You at least now have peace of mind.
That is good.
Best wishes to you on your upcoming courses. I have a feeling you will be very successful.
Trust is a hard thing to find, I am so glad you found this bond with this person.
oh
I am not really a football fan but it is fun to be a part of something!
Wow!  That sounds amazing and complicated!  Now I understand why you were positively surprised!
I like also a lot Harry Potter movies.
yeah there's nothing like the good old days
Ha that's nice of her! Well if you haven't had your wedding yet, I hope it turns out super nice!
That's good that you are content with what you have. 
Haha. I can just imagine you running away. 
That's lovely. I love when people just give small gifts to each other for no reason.
I once lost a wallet with a heavy sume of ash in it and I tried to have faith tht I would find it or some I trusted would find it and return it back to me.
Did you have your wallet returned to you? If it's your relative I think that everything should work out for good.
That's so sweet. 
That sounds really good!
I understand.
That can be tough. Hopefully she'll understand.
true! I don't mind the same things. You can do healthy, it just takes more prep and ingredients sometimes to do it tasty and healthy
That's really difficult to deal with. When you love someone, you lower your guard for that person and more than anyone else they're the ones that can hurt you the most. I hope you find a resolution to your problem.
Darn it! I have never seen that before, now I am would like to see what it looks like
That's so wrong. Id speak to a supervisor
That's great. It's good to see celebreties be the same in real life as they are on the internet or TV.
Yeah, I will drive almost anywhere rather than fly if I can.
Well, you could have been going commando, too. And shame on them for not letting you know. Let's focus on the positives--you can pull off skinny jeans, and you're interesting enough to want to wear Superman underwear. Keep it up
Well, that was a long time ago, I don't think you need to carry it around with you anymore, unless you're still doing it.
That's great. I think education is more important than ever
Wow, that doesn't sound good. Situations like this are hard because you probably don't want to offend your family and stuff.
Yeah, that seems to be what a lot of little ones say for their first word.  Something about it being easier than ma ma - congrats to the little tyke!
i'm sure she will be able to find a really great job now !
Maybe you need to go to the store and bring her flowers and chocolate
Well, my advice is to give in now, because you probably will in the end anyway and avoid any extra arguing you two would do because of it.
I believe dogs can understand what you tell them, they understand if we say treat or ride after all lol. Maybe you could send a small blanket that smells like you or an old tshirt you have worn to bed. That may help her to feel more comfortable!
That's great to hear!  Good luck to him!
LOL.  Yeah, been there. Even when those guys do that and are wrong they typically never apologise. They just pretend like they weren't acting like a jerk.
Hope it get resolved soon
I hope you can figure it out soon!
Well gotta watch out for him...it's the quiet unassuming ones that are usually full of surprises
I knew a couple of people whom I suspected of fitting the description we talked here. And I tried to stay away from them as much as i could
I have two wiener dogs, and they are both spoiled brats, but I love them. You should be very happy with your girlfriend's choice of gifts.
That's sad to hear :(  That happened to me before and I came out ok in the end, I'm sure you will too :)
Well, I hope you get to talk to him more and maybe can get over there for a visit!
I know how you feel. If I had an accident like that I wouldnt be able to pay either.
That's pretty awesome.  How much richer are you now
That is good that the person was courteous. That may not happen everytime
That sounds fun. I love going to the lake its so relaxing. 
Make sure you give each of them a thank you card
Haha that's pretty funny
You sound very dedicated, that's great you're so focused on your health, you will age gracefully I'm sure!
Yeah, really makes you want to touch anything in a store with booger hands wandering around putting his hands on everything.
Woah! I could live for ten years on that. Hope you wrote down his tag - maybe you could sweet-talk him into going for a drive!
Maybe you can hide some of your things, or put them in a safe place. 
That is so great, I'm glad you got your little friend back.
I would be very jealous. Dont let it get to you too much. At least it doesnt seem like you see him all that often.
That is really nice to have found. I hope you hold onto them in a safe place.
I would have as well. I am sorry that happened to you and I hope you can learn to sleep peacefully again.
that's great to hear! I hope you will meet your true love soon! I believe when you do you will now right away. When i met my husband i knew right away he is the one. such a strange feeling. But we've been married for 5 years now and still crazy about each other
That seems strange in this day and age. I thought everything could be done online. Perhaps you could hand deliver those parts.
You just have to keep working at it.
Yeah you are right. Better to take things slow and figure out what they are all about first.
I'm sure! It's always nice to help someone in need, but you do hope they'll do the right thing by you when possible.
I had never heard of that before. That sounds like tragic timing. And you're right, I probably shouldn't have brought up getting another one so soon, it just sounded like you'd be a good owner, since you seem like you care so much. It makes sense for you to not rush right back into it.
They are the best.  I think it is good to go later, because you know what you want more and don't waste time and money.
Maybe you will a friend soon. Or even meet a nice guy.
I'm praying that she will be fully healed, and that you will take good care of her.
You are welcome, I am glad I can put you in a better mood.
I'm sure you were pretty nervous after you applied.
I'm sure you'll be fine. Statistically its safer than driving.
My dad really enjoyed fishing. I think I'd like the peace and quiet of it.
It isn't easy to be successfully self-employed but she did it! 
Watch some youtube videos of other peoples misfortunes so you can forget about yours quickly!
Probably it is just the theme of his party. He wanted to have some fun in the form of cautious excitement
That is really nice to have. Most people don't even have one good friend.
well i really wish you very good luck with all that
That sounds so good I love coconut rum that would have made my birthday awesome I'm glad you enjoyed it. 
Thats good, it must be relieving to feel so confident.
Doesn't give anyone the right to steal it, tho'. I'm so sorry - how awful for you. I hope they had a horrible time when they tried to spend it!
hahaha, I dont know if people today would rather lose electricity or get a tornado.  Either way I hope you stay safe and if a tornado does come you dont take any damage!
Nothing in life is certain, the only control you have is to decide what to do with the time that has been given to you.
Oh, you don't work with them anymore? Or maybe it was because you decided to be a stay-at-home mother? 
The barber shop is totally worth it. They do such a good job.
Okay well that's good at least. I hope you find it soon!
I would ask him how it went and casually say "I would have gone had you asked".
I'm sure it took a lot of hard work to get to that point!
I am sorry you have to deal with that. What a pain!
I really hope it does. Just stay positive!
Oh wow, are you excited?? I would assume so if you agreed to go on a date.  I hope you guys have a great time!
Oh little mistakes like that happen, it's no big deal!
I've had that done before.  The waking up with gauze in your mouth is the worst part.
yeah there's nothing like the good old days 
Pretty good here - just a homeschooling mom of 2 trying to get some laundry done.  I'm glad you are on the path you want to be on!
Lol I love a good Jason Statham movie
Hey you have got to do what you have got to do. Hopefully next time you're closer to home when you need to go.
I dont blame you. You are going to have to watch them during the day next time.
Yep, I've got terrible eyes. I know what you mean.
Go buy you some new snazzy belts! Haha!
Thats interesting!
I feel you. Well it sounds like you keep yourself busy with a hobby at least. 
It's okay! Life happens! Cherish your babies always :)
I love the thrift stores. i can spend hours in there.
Well make sure you get a good nights rest, sleep is just as important.
I forgot about that part!  Yes!  Terrifying!  Hope you didn't have too many nightmares over it.
I hope you get it too.  Goodluck
I completely get it.  Hope things are better tomorrow!
Good idea! And if ever you go back, just take it slow and easy.
yeah i understand you, but people change and we learn from them and that helps us grow more, don't take it too personally 
We can only hope so! Get her some flowers! 
Sounds like quite a problem! I think you should try different foods and narrow down which ones trouble you.
Well, that's not a very friend like thing to do.
algebra? WOW i love maths, that sounds great i am so happy
Oh no!  Does he know you did it or did you never tell him?  Yeah, we all have things we regret, its how we move forward and resolve the situation that matters.
Dang he should clean my house too then while i am gone.
I bet, 4 years is a long time to work on a project too.  I may not know you but as someone who had once wanted to get into development, I feel really proud for you.  That is a huge accomplishment! Congrats again!
Lol! Well that would be great. Give me some of that luck! ;)
So sorry to hear that...wish you blessings and health and peace
one day i wanted a rabbit and my mom got me one she told me not to feed it food and i gave it house food and it die lol
Yes its a good lesson for you, hopefully you dont repeat it!
Like i said you got this and going in with a positive mine you might as well take the world while your at it.
Uh oh, someone's in trouble! It's funny how smart dogs can be sometimes. They were trying to butter you up before you saw what they did!
That's such a shame! I always hate getting let down 
I would highly suggest you do. Moms deserve all the love.
Man I woulda smacked him on the head...lol rotting food/dirty dishes are the worst
I hope it does.
thats horrible.  im glad they got caught
If you could..would you get a cat or a dog
I dont know, I just wouldnt be that aggressive. I'd still try to protect her though
no one deserves this, this is the worst thing that can ever happen, im sorry to hear that 
That is so awful.  I am so sad that happened to you.
You're right, sorry for putting words in your mouth. And yeah, I don't know how to engage with them either. As a college student, there are plenty that kind of stalk the campus and ask for spare change. But I have little spending money, so I always have to turn them down
That's good.  Don't be so hard on yourself.  People should be begging for your attention. Not the other way around ;)
Oh wow! Lucky you!
That's good!
I have never heard of it, I did watch the movie though. It would have been cool if they got Jennifer garner and Ben Afleck in it
You're very lucky!
That must be hard, I'm sorry. Just do what you can though. I would help if I could.
I bet. The grass has been growing so fast right now. Your yard is going to look great again.
Everyone needs some way to keep them going! 
Well confidence is key so I bet you will get the job :)
this is the worst, i can understand why you are mad, i'd be the same as you, argh im sorry
Good of you. Times like these can be tough and he needs all the support he can get.
Also try joining a club you might end up in apartment with someone next year instead of the cramped dorms.
Thats great.  It seems like you turned your life around.  It just seems like it would get lonely not being able to trust anyone.
ah .. well i guess its not that bad yet
i have, and i plan to travel the world in 1-2 years with my wife, spain is amazing, you're going to enjoy yourself i wish you the best
hahaha yeah or go to a nice restaurant to feel relaxed after all that hard work
Oh wow, bet you felt guilty saying no!
Yeah there's no escaping things that humans have chemically altered, and we consistently put in our bodies.
Oh my.  I have been in that situation before.  You have my sympathies.  
I don't blame her. I am sure she felt more at ease staying with you guys.
well if it is work then it is ok because you have to put food on the table first i can relate to that
You should try and use a toy or something to get her to chase dogs love those.
Wow.. that really stinks that that happened to your favorite resteraunt 
That must be so stressful. I am sorry.
Yeah, it's crazy to think how long ago some things are
yea thats what I was thinking too.  poor doggy :(
please becareful my friend had his phone stolen recently because of the same thing
Wow! I wish I could see something like that
That is nice. Sometimes things like this do happen, but it is not something you like to see!
just like birth, death is the start of another process unclear to us, the unseen, and i believe in this deeply, your mother is fine, she is always there
I hope you are able to make some new friends.  Or keep in touch with video calls
I hear ya. Perhaps they will though? gotta stay positive.
Oh no, let's hope she's up for some action with another girl.
Oh yeah, I forgot that's one of your responsibilities! Well, you know your brother best, so I'm sure you'll know what to do. But if you think he won't like the typical drunken debauchery stripper party, don't do it just because it's the thing everyone does. When my brother had his wedding, we just sat around and played video games
It's good that you are making an effort. That's more than a lot of people do. 
Yup i totally get you, it's same here and now it feels time is going super slow, these next 2 weeks are going to be hell before i go to see her, make sure you enjoy yourself!
Oh no! That's sad
ah thats cool then
Yea thats hard.  You cant do anything now, but maybe theres another neighbor that you can get close too 
If I were you, I'd be the same way, just counting down the days. I hope your travel goes smoothly. If you're going with someone special, I hope you guys both enjoy your time there
Yea train her to push the stuff into the garbage can
I hope you weren't too jealous of him! I hope you win next time.
Wow, you better let someone else do your due diligence you might fall victims to scammers.
I guess, as long as you are happy enough.
I bet he feels so good about that, its amazing to watch a big milestone!
our weather has been so extreme this year. its scary.
That is really cool! You have some really great coworkers!
Yeah, I always make sure to have things like band-aids or tape with me in case of emergencies.
At least you tried, there are plenty of fish in the sea. Don't give up.
Well that was nice of you, glad you took the dogs in.
You will for sure be next if it stays like that.
Yeah, a bit like how my employment goes.
i would have pulled into a public place or police station. i'm so sorry that happened to you but glad you are ok.
wow that is far.  I hope you guys use video chats
ewww thats so gross.  I hope you didnt have to clean it up
i'm so glad. marriage is tough but when you love each other it's work the effort.
Try not to scare them away, could be your last shot at love.
Man that would of been cool but thinking about that was cool.
That's good
Yeah, I feel like we are living in a science fiction movie sometimes!
I agree, they must really love you a lot
Hopefully you didn't miss the best part of the fair. That would be unlucky
Yup!  It really makes you appreciate life!
Ugh that must be so aggravating that you can't even get your money back. I would suggest calling and telling the manager.
As you should, spitting in food is never the right answer. Hopefully you learned something from this.
Yeah I think I would have felt the same!
I suppose if any car should be fit for such a task, it would be a Tesla. 
Neither would I. Hopefully, the other person is paying up for the damage at least
that is amazing. my mom never really cooked for us but she was a great mom. i bet you miss home.
well good thing you listened
As you should be! I think you need to call another plumber
I hope you get a raise soon
Good, my son could be driving, but he doesn't have a car to drive or the real need to. He likes to walk to places
Oh thats quite understandable then ! I try to never let small things overcome a good relationship with friends =)
I don't blame you one bit!
Yeah we've all felt that at some point in life. 
Get a nice gift for her to let her know how happy you are for them!
Great, I wish you all the lucky in the world.
Well that sounds pretty fun, It must have been nice to grow up during the 60s
that stinks. i know how that feels.
i really wish i would be able to do so well in math
That's amazing, I would love to have some today.
I bet your friends were laughing the whole time!
Sounds like in the long run they will all end up fired if they don't get their money right
That's great. Its good that you have a support network like that. 
Wow how exciting, has he been practicing a lot? 
Yes, true friends understand and will work around your schedule and won't put you off, or make you feel like you have done something wrong.  
It sounds like you're patient and prepared to take it. I wish the best for you guys!
Those are really cool traditions.
that would be amazing. i hope it works out for you.
Good for her. It's great that she is pursuing her dreams!
Sounds pretty tough
I'm so sorry that happened to you. It must have been so scary.
Things seem to go in cycles, sometimes you just got to make it through the other side.
That can happen to anyone though. It was speeding, but at least it wasn't wreckless driving!
Thats quite the diverse field ! My son changed that major because it has too much Math involved. He graduated with an Infomatics degree
Yes, that sounds quite hard!  Good for you for being faithful though!
Wow where are you working? That's amazing.
Excellent I hope so
I'm sorry. You should go out and enjoy yourself and rub it in their face!
Well I think it's really good you found such a cool think from your childhood
Man that just makes me jealous some.
You may want to replace that beer. lol
Maybe that's all he could spare for. Still got to stunt whenever possible. 
Oh yea, that movie was one of my favorites when I was a child
I see. That's a long time. I wish you the best of luck this time!
it will be an adrenaline rush for sure
That's a good attitude to have!  Stay strong!
Stay on the ground my friend.
That does sound like a lot of fun!
I can imagine.  Ive never been back to mine, but i can still picture in my mind what it looks like
That's always got to be the worst thing to deal with
Oh man I always found calculus to be really tough. I'm glad you seem confident. 
I need some time off of work too.  Maybe I should take a vacation!
That is about as bad as it can get right there. I think you might have to tell her. The guilt will eat you alive.
yea thats good though that you are moving forward
Well I hope you'll have a better ref next time...just keep hustling
Exactly you got it, they will make their mistakes.
yea and I didnt have to go to work!
Man that does sound scary! I hope that it didn't follow you home!
Awe I love my dog too, she's really sweet. Well except my dog doesn't listen, so I guess your dog beats mine, lol.
That sucks, i just had a massive meal myself.
You will get in and do great things!
ewww that sounds disgusting.  I would have complained
Well keep looking and maybe check the local animal shelters if you haven't already.
Do you have any pets of your own? you sound like an animal person
When I think of Christmas with families I tend to think about National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation.  A classic.
that would be great. i'm hoping all goes well with you.
Well I hope that it is nothing serious. 
I hope he does!
Maybe you can pay it forward next time you see someone buying a drink.
no no, we need revenge. think about it and let me know
If you expect the worst, you won't be disappointed. 
Or next time stand in the garbageman's way at your neighbor's to confront him about it haha
oh my goodness i'm so sorry. i really hope she comes back soon
I think you can do this, I'm proud of you.
It cool things off a little bit too. We could use it.
oh yuk. next time threesome! goodluck
That's what they get for eating that much food!
I bet! Well it over now and I'm sure you did great!
That was very lucky!
That is f***king ridiculous I would've chased that car down and beat the living s**t out of the driver
It's been to be humble than rude or mean, that's my motto.
That really is. When I comes down to it what a kid wants most from a parent is love. 
Well it is good that you are prepared. It is always important to have extra supplies in case of an emergency. 
That is good news!  I'm sure you will look forward to it as will I
Gotta roll with it!  Just play it off at that point.
people need to learn and be humble honeslty
Oh well that is convenient, good thing that they didn't remember that it was the day that you had requested off. Lol.
Well at least it sounds like you lost some weight. Dont let it get to you that much though.
oh wow, well best of luck!
Yeah it's going to be great!
that is great reason!
its gonna be epic 
I bet! Maybe get her checked and see if she has a UTI or if its just behavioral.  Ask on your local pet page if its normal for cats.
oh, well just talk louder!
We will for sure win this year!
And now he can focus on the next phase of his life.  Which should be exciting
oh, well you live and you learn
Oh wow, yeah that is a pretty terrible place. Your should get out.
I don't blame you!  It might cost more to sue than to break the lease and move.
I wish you the most success.
I'm sorry I hope it nothing serious. I hope it just seems bad but is easily fixable. 
Oh definitely. I can say that it does get better with time. 
well sometimes luck is in your favor!
Defenitly! Plus the first few week of school can be hectic, it'll be nice to have that downtime after you drop them off.
I'm sure you feel terrible about it. I hope you can find a replacement for it or have it fixed!
there is always next year!
oh, I am sorry to hear that...
I have watched them before but never played.
that is not in your control!
I think the new characters will be really cool to play with. 
That's great, I'm thankful for my self-employed status and all the money I'm making for my future family.  Wish y'all the best
i'm switching to my new pill tomorrow and i'm hoping that i will have better results
I know, it's defenitly painful to have to go through but its part of life. Maybe get a new puppy to start loving/sharing life with, shelters have so many dogs that need homes!
Uhhhhh..... you okay man? I advise against arson.
i would be too
It still could and it could be worse. I hope not for your sake
Sounds like you two are the perfect match, cherish your marriage.
Yup, I make it a point to have dinner with a friend every now and then
I think you make a wise decision, never drink too much again
you wanna put some cash on it or what
Whatever makes you feel safe!
That's awesome!  You should get back to work and kick some butt :)
Oh haha well that'll be interesting...at least the kids will feel good that they were braver than Mommy hahaha
that is funny, you gotta be aware when in the presence of greatness
Well I hope nothing changes, and you stay happy forever!
Thanks! Maybe I will get it for his birthday in November. I will have to look into it.
Then you need something to motivate you. Try watching the Rocky II
That's what the alcohol is for lol
Glad you and your family is safe and let's just hope the storm passes by and cause no damage to home town.
You must have taught her to be very well behaved
oh that sounds nice
I'm sure you will not be the first or the last to lose one of those.  My husband has lost his a few times as well.  Hopefully it's a simple process to get a new one made.
I'm sorry to hear that. If your neighborhood is rough take precautions, otherwise maybe try to find a tea or something to help sooth.
Yum, sounds like a good use of the money! Hopefully you find some more spare money haha
Absolutely! It can often take really significant events to happen before we realize it too. 
That sucks, I hope you found your dog.
I see. Well if you go there again, be sure to leave her a bigger one!
Oh cool, I hope it ends up being nice and tasty.
Thats great, glad someone you knew passed by. Hope its not going to be expensive to fix.
I'll email you right away, keep a look out for that :-)
Nice looks like you're gonna be racking up some babysitting hours..lol hope you're ready 
No, I never had.
I would switch computers...or ask him if he's found gold yet
Sounds like you have a really nice brother. You are very lucky!
Very cool, I hope more people continue to recognize his talent and he gets the acclaim he deserves.
Yes it is.  You should take her out to dinner or something to say thank you.
That sounds like a lot of fun. You have some pretty great coworkers!
That is so sad. I have dealt with something similar. Good luck!
Just try and keep a low profile and stay busy. 
What did you do after
They've probably been on the other side of this situation before.
Oh cool.  Sounds like fun!  Be safe!
That sounds like a good year to me
That's really cool! Good luck!
Definitely, I'd look to move on if I was you.
I'm sorry to hear that, I love animals. I hope she cheers up.
Oh wow, yeah you should have no problem! I did just fine with way worse than that.
You can do it! Keep up the hard work :)
Hey well I bet you're talented at other things...just stack your paper and you'll have the last laugh
Oh so it was a positive thing...that's great, well I hope you enjoy your mini vacation :)
I hope you can both work it out, it would be awful for a friendship to end over something like that.
That sounds very painful. I am sure they were glad you came with them
Yes, if you requested no tomato, you should get a refund!
Ice ice baby widen your horizons maybe can't identify with the girl or guy who shy's away from chocolate cake b***h u craayy
Yeah and I understand. It's not for everybody!
That's awful, my air conditioner is cleaned thankfully. 
I'm so jealous!  I haven't been in years now!  Breathe in the salt air for me!
Very true, I hope he knows how lucky he is.
You sound very confident. Sounds like you put in the work. Good luck.
Congratulations that is so awesome to have passed such a intense exam.
That's not cheap at all! 
I am sorry to hear that then...
wow that is pretty soon, it snuck up on me
I agree.  They literally haunt you forever.
Yes, at least you have those memories of her to cherish and hold forever.
That is what it comes down to sometimes!
I agree.  Things can always get better, just remember her and honor her the best that you can.
I hope you do! I really wish you the best.
I need to game more when I can
Well best of luck!
That's amazing!  What a commendable job!  Good for her!
Wow I love nintendo, you should get an NES classic!
Hopefully you can go back and get it! 
That is really cool. It's nice that you could rediscover a bit of your childhood. 
Well that is great. Sounds like you really deserved it.
Did you ever try netflix? It's great.
wow. thats kind of cruel
That sounds really fun, I am sure it will be good
that is good, cherish that stuff while it lasts!
You should tell him he will like you for it.
And then just keep driving and don't take it back lol
I have been there. It is nice to have those memories
just stay calm and collected, talk slowly, gather your thought
Well I am sure you deserve it. Just take real good care of it.
I was going to ask if it was for a manager that is awesome you got this they will be hiring you on the spot.
I'm so happy for her! Hopefully everything goes well for her
I bet that is pretty disappointing. Maybe some ice cream will make you feel better.
My friend just stay strong, family and kids can suck you life away(not always of course).
Oh that sounds very exotic
I know it will feel lonely but a good weekend to recharge will do some good.
Yum! Have a piece for me!!
Well you are one of the lucky ones then
It will always be a nice reminder then
I cant think of better way to have fun with friends. Sounds like a great time.
I understand. He need to rest and take a nap.
well i hope you learned your lesson
I agree. I can't imagine what it must be like to be a parent and go through that. 
I'm just a plain salad person, but I do like my bacon bits and croutons in a salad. Also some carrots.
Just be patient you aced it and you will get that position and call soon. 
Wow. He's taking on quite a lot, but it'll be good for building his character as he gets older!
I hope it's a baby!!!! Good luck!
I'm sorry you feel bad about it now. I'm not really sure what I can say, it's not like you can change the past. You could try volunteering. 
Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that.  My father in law had to have hospice and although it's not what you want to hear, the people that work with hospice are really a lifeline for the family.
I may to check one out. I like trying out new places.
I hope you do well
oh that sounds interesting, good luck
Yes, the lines are a pain.
Then hopefully you will do really well on it.  It's normal to be a bit apprehensive before a big test though.
Well at least you are not in the middle of the flight.
Don't be, it's a destructive emotion. 
I bet they are much older than we believe them to be.
That's awful, sorry to hear that. I love me some Sprite.
that is something i hope to do one day as well. good luck
Oh congratulations! What kind of job? 
Thats the only bad thing about having animals, you are going to outlive them
Most likely. They can be skittish little things.
Wow!  That's a long hard battle!  Poor little kitty
Roller coasters are fun but you should stay safe too.
That is so rude and disgusting I know you was a tad bit furious. 
Well I have the same issue..they aren't afraid..they're just corrupt..but I just yell at those people myself. I don't put up with the ghetto corrupt crap
omg. that is going to  be so nice
It is very nice from her.
I feel like you should take it up with him.
It always hurts more when its unexpected. Hopefully time heals.
I love the heat, you're going to be melting up in Florida though.
If you practice everyday you will get better I was the same way.
Awesome! Cooking can be pretty hard and it's an essential skill to have.
So sorry you had to miss it, maybe take him out to ice cream to console him
That would be so nice for you. I really hope it works out. 
Oh okay, that sounds good
That's a good idea. I'd feel better doing it that way, at least the first time.
Stay positive and keep up the good work!
In that case, more terrifying than fun. I hope you find rides you'll enjoy and not fear!
Mine too. I love the trees in fall
I didn't even know that was a thing. Im sorry
I really wish those people who get fined just like those traffic cameras that send you tickets in the mail for speeding. It would really reduce hit and runs.
Long time but I'm sure very beneficial
oh you try baking it with the cherries on already ? its great
Oh no! Dont be anxious or worried! I'm sure you did good on the application. 
yea it looks gross
Did that guy finish it?  Did he get an award of any kind? 
You should definitely talk to them about that.
Oh. I am the same with lemon icebox pies and my grandmother
It should very hard to work that late.
It happens sometime. Just try not to forget next time.
Yeah pretty creepy. Turn on some music or something so you don't get too nervous or anxious. 
It could be. Also may be related to dehydration, and eye strain related to visual problems. Try and drink more water and have your eyes checked to be sure!
OO that sounds snazzy!  Perhaps that will also mean bigger tips!  I hope you do amazing on your interview with them.
Wow. That's a lot of places. Sounds fun!
Being a parent really is a thankless job, until your kids get older and realize how tough it is.
I bet your dog is pretty smart. I mean she was able to notice a cat in danger and helped out and all.
People are just so inconsiderate sometimes. Even if you don't love the person anymore, at least treat them like someone you used to love.
Oh no! IM glad your no longer feeling hungry. I bet your content with it now
I used to work at a buffet lol. You're not the only person who over ate at a buffet before
You sound like a great parent. you should pass down the recipe to your kids too
Yeah man, that sucks
Oh man, now I want some ice cream.
She won't remember that for much longer.
That's smart, you sound like a good sibling to her
It will come to you when you least expect it! Until then enjoy yourself!
I hope it isn't too expensive to have repaired.
That's amazing! Congratulations!
You should consider getting some new roomies.
I'm so happy to hear that! Often, many people find themselves stuck at jobs they hate and it isn't healthy.
Yeah, hopefully they will hire more women soon
Yikes!!  I bet that was scary!
ah that stinks
I have like 20 pairs of converse lol. I love them
You should try to get on tinder.
I know how you feel. There's a rabbit that lives under my shed, and I try and feed it. 
I went to one and I kicked a ghost because it tried to grab me haha
Awe is it too warm out? Keep him inside more.
Man. I should start, too.
Well, at least your friend was there to help you out.  Maybe you should have picked up a sewing kit at the grocery store to try to fix the jeans also - LOL!
You are an inspiration to me. I need to hit the gym.
Ahh, maybe you can ask your boss for a raise instead? Haha
That's great dedication! I just know it will go well!
Yes it is! Thats sounds disappointing, but Im glad you found a new place you will hopefully like. 
That's great! I hope you do well on your exam! Reward yourself after too
Mine too. Whenever I go, I tend to get 10 happy meals. Gotta get all those toys!
Wow. Would have drove that car straight through the car wash.
That sounds like a very romantic destination. I wish you the best of luck.
I know it can be upsetting and emotional, but Im sure you are happy!
The beach is awesome. Have fun!
Very true, I am sure those instructions are forth coming.  He wouldn't leave us hanging.
I've heard that fear makes people do all sorts of crazy things.
I was only 18 when my daughter was born, had no idea what i was  getting into!!!
Oooh, that doesn't sound great, but at least he's not causing any trouble. It's hot outside, everyone needs some clean water
Well you certainly don't want that hanging over your head for the rest of your life.  It sounds like you have a good moral outlook on life, I think you have to admit it.
That's a really good reason to do so. Wouldn't want his mom getting any sicker with no one around.
that's cute, you guys will be very happy together I think
If there's a time to treat yourself, it's definitely on your birthday!
Im sorry to hear this. Times like this can be terrifying, but you can get through it. 
That's okay, sometimes little white lies like that won't harm anyone!
Aw, cheer up, friend. It's rough now, but it will get better! Maybe you two should go to the pet store to try and find a new dog for him!
Yeah people who do that have zero self awareness. :/ 
Amazing! I wish I had some friends like that in my life
I know what you mean!  I've been homeschooling my girls forever it seems and my oldest graduates this spring.  I'm ready to be done with school too - LOL!
That's so sad. I hope your spouse won't be too upset with you.
That wouldn't be good.
What a good friend to lend you money in your time of need. You should thank him and take him to dinner after everything is sorted.
Don't worry. You'll get good score.
Thats good! I would of been anxious to get out of that place if that happend. 
Bah, he should just do it already! In the wise words of the late Rhiana: "If you like it you should put a ring on it".
I hear ya. Stay hopefull. It will come soon with dertermination. 
Yeah.  you can always take them to the shelter or post on FB if someone wants to adopt them!
She's a lucky gal!
People at CNN and the whole liberal media who ignore the reality of the people's lives and try to project their own moral wonderland onto them
Then be as prepared as you can.
Oh. I'm sure she didn't mind it. Dogs seem to be a lot less sensitive than people. 
Well you prepared really well. I feel you will do well on this test!
Yeah I know, it's time for us to get healthy!
I hope you make sure the dog is on a leash from now on.
Wow, that is exciting.  The first game of the season is always the best one. 
I wish them the best! Have fun at the wedding!
Wow, I have a friend that went there for school too!
Hey, you'll be going up that ladder and will be looking back at how much you've accomplished one day.
Oh gosh yeah be careful...I hope it stops raining soon :( 
He's probably just gone on holiday, I'm sure he will come back with gifts.
That's good. Glad ya got it back!
I run every day.
A couple years, she's a persian mix
I'm sorry :(   I bet she got upset
Oh I didn't know that was really happening.
Yeah, it's always good to hang out with friends.  That cheers me up when I'm down.
ugh, I know, I just keep putting it off, nasty root canal
What is it about
Well, then it seems like it was a good choice.  Next time around you will know more what to look for before getting married.  I hope you find someone that matches up better with you.
That was very kind of her.
I know it can be upsetting and sad, but take your time. It will be ok. 
I hope it all works out with you and your girlfriend.
Nice! How exciting. 
No, I meant I hope you get the funding.  Sounds interesting!!
Yikes! Y'all need another new printer 
Good luck with it all.
I'm sorry you are having to make that choice, but I feel it's our duty to them to help them pass on when they are not going to get better and help them not suffer any longer.
Once, but it burned the wall so my mom got rid of it
It might be best to send him then. On the bright side, you will still be able to visit him and I am sure he'll be taken care of very well.
How annoying. Dont pay them now mind! do your own thing
Maybe I should try it out! It will be exciting to do so. 
Well as long as you know the basic concepts and material and have it fresh in your mind for tomorrow, you should do fine.  I find I always worry and end up doing better than i expected.
Did you say anything to the waitress? I've always wanted to but never have.  My husband tells me not to say anything because then they will spit on my food.
That's such a great idea! Dance is a great exercise for kids.
I am glad ya'll had a blast. It's always good to spend some quality time with the fam.
You should have joined one of the other groupls and pretended to belong.  See who would've said something first.
Oh yeah, a good mozzarella sounds pretty primo right now. Perhaps I'll get some mozz sticks from Little Caesars.
So cute! You must be so proud! You should teach him more tricks!
Did he pass? At least you got to appreciate him and show him your love
I was of been furious as well. How could they ruin a nice day!!
I was hoping for an easier way, but I guess like all worthwhile things hard work is key
hm must've been a really controversial show.
That sounds amazing! We need a Korean restaurant in our town, I would love for one to open here!
That's so nice! Perhaps you should dwell on good memories like that of her to rid yourself of your sadness. We have to remember the good times with our loved ones!
I use puppy pads in my house in case my dog needs to use the bathroom in the house.   Those seem to work pretty good!
makes me think, what am i doing to reach my goals today?!
Oh gosh. Wonder why she won't be upfront about it.
Wow! Sounds like he was the MVP of the team!
It is indeed! It was all swell and dandy until the darn flying monkeys swooped in. That really put a damper on things.
Wow, she sounds like an awful person. I feel bad for her son for not being able to get his car.
I bet you anticipate it to be good like usual!
How long have you been waiting for? Hang in there.
hahaha I have not heard that from many people.
Me and you both, friend. We can always try and have a blast though! I'm sure if we keep at it we'll get a turkey in a century or two.
That's great to hear. Your confidence will no doubt help you tomorrow.
How annoying that could be. She could have alittle more respect for you. 
Don't get emotional with him and don't let anger to ruin your relationship with him. Just distance yourself from him. That is it
That's really rough, my friend. I am sure there must be other folks that you can befriend! There's plenty of nice and kind people in the world.
I can't imagine how much that much hurt. I hope you can at least cherish the memories you had together.
That's sounds delicious. I am sure it'll be much better than whatever Pizza Hut can make!
LOL....that trash would have been on the ground.
That's cool. I like when stores are organized and not a chaotic mess!
Well, you may want to think about admitting it to the store manager and paying for it.  Especially if it's bothering you this much, it's the ony way to resolve it.
I am so sorry for your loss. It seems that I have to re-calibrate my psychic abilities.
Well maybe you should start with a small slope and work your way up. Don't terrify yourself.
That is unusual behavior for a clown.  I would say you might want to call the authorities.  There has to be a law against a creepy clown stalker
When the sun is burning like this I'd like nothing more than to just lay under a soft serve machine and pull the handle.  Good times!
Nice. Its nice to know he is content with this decision. 
I can agree. Dont be too down. Im sure you can find someting to keep you busy. 
Yeah, one look at a cute face like that and it's hard to be mad.
I would've taken that pizza out of the box and smack him upside the head with it. What a lousy guy!
Hopefully with enough training your puppy will let you know when she has to go. It takes time.
Nice! I've been in San Diego for the past two weeks hitting up the beach. I wish I could go with ya, since my vacation is coming to an end!
Yeah I have faith in ya!!  Tear it up!
That is cute. You should also surprise your partner then with some adorable gift in return of this favor
I hear you. That really helped me out a bunch too. It'll be so nice when we're both debt free!
He must have worked really hard and it paid off. Good for him.
you got a special niece. So talented and Kind.
What a nice surprise that is! I bet you anticipate her to love it!
At least you have learned your lesson, I hope? 
Yay! I always find myself really nervous before the ride, but once I'm off of it, I want to go again! 
I am glad you're okay and you laughed it off. Just be careful the next time!
Now that is a very interesting first word.
I hate mine too! I want to smash that thing with a sledgehammer!
I agree. You must find a way to preventthis so you dont get embarrassed again. 
That is a long time.  I am sure you have a lot of catching up to do
You should have chased him and must give your piece of mind
Whatever they preach on Beverly Hillbillies is the law of nature. If they were afraid of coasters, I would be too. Tread lightly, friend.
I am sure you will too. When I did, I thought I was on top of a mountain! (but I really wasn't because I was plummeting towards the earth)
Anyway, you got it now. I so happy for it. Next you need take a precaution
Im sorry about that. Im sure hes embarrassed about. I would be furious!
Thats so good.I bet your overjoyed about it
At least you will have a fun story to tell at parties.
haha.  I would've passed out and never woke up!  Silly me!
Those are swell colors! I am sure they will bring any guests much joy and merriment.
I bet they are very sentimental to you. Being able to remember those days must feel good
Nice! Hes a sweet kid. I bet that brought you joy as well.
i hope you didn't lose that client
Only woman knows the hardship and endurance of pregnancy. I am happy for you
Awesome! That should be a lot of fun!
That must be a good feeling.
Hey you should give the money back
Maybe you should go to a temp agency.
You must have developed strong attachments to him over all these years. To be honest, I am not an animal lover individual
That sounds right to me. I actually have a few people around me that give me straight forward advice like that.
I hope that everything turns out the best for you too! 
That's understandable, I'm sure it will be exciting to customize and furnish your space.
It might take a bit of time to get back into the swing of owning a dog. I'm sure you'll be ready soon if you still think it over.
Sometimes you got to just do it and hope and pray all comes out like it should, and it usually does. 
Well if they were family heirloom or photographs, I don't really think the money would have been important. The family passes down antiques and precious items for keeping.
That's really frustrating, they'll realize only when you start distancing yourself from them
Sorry for the delay. I had a technical difficulty. Either way, I'm sure there were no hard feelings. A lot of people sign up to work those camps every year.
That's the best thing you can do really. I hope she comes back soon for your sake!
I'll need to find some and give it a taste myself! That sounds awesome.
Oh odd. That's a good way to look at it though; too many people get too angry with their pets over these type of things.
I suppose that makes sense. As long as both of you are happy with your relationship dynamic, that's all that counts!
That is a real shame, at least you can hold on to your memories.
One can only hope!
Yeah forest fires are getting really bad.
Practice definitely makes perfect!
I hope it is nor Samonella, just a temporarily bug.
I bet you guys were close and this certainly brought you all closer together. I'm so happy that you had these connections with your family.
Great! love road trips!  I hope to take one soon.
Murphy's law i suppose. I'm sure it wasn't so bad though in the end.
That's sweet that you guys are able to let the small things go. It sounds like you have a great relationship.
Companies that pay their workers well equals happy workers!
Well, I hope it goes well!
Yeah YouTube is a good source of information.
Ah I've never read it before, I was hoping it would have been one I'm familiar with.
Unfortunately I've never heard of it!
Sounds important. I hope you're able to meet your goal!
Awesome. I've only rode dirt bikes personally, but i definitely see the appeal. 
That is such a great attitude!
Yes I know.  It hasn't been easy for me either, but I believe think will go our way pretty soon.
Cool! That's so neat. 
Well, stick through it! I wish you luck :) 
Lol, burn those calories. Hope you have a high metabolism.
Well, you gave him the benefit of the doubt. It was his decision to cheat. 
Yes you'd have more warranty kind of things with work from a dealership
I can only imagine! When my parents open old photo albums of my siblings and I, they get teary-eyed.
I'd be very nervous too.  I get stage fright.
That's great. It's just as good to remember the great times you spent together as it is to grieve.
Did you get caught using them?!
Oh my goodness! Good for you for getting away from that trouble!
Phew! I'm glad that's all it was.
Yes, I think that would be a little surreal, and I might feel ambivalent about it.
So the items are sentimental to you? I know how hard it is to part with items that have memories behind them, but at the end of the day, they are just items! :)
I love finding treasures like that! 
I'm sure you do a great job of making these people feel cared for and loved in their final times.
That could definitely be tough. Especially with a baby.
Oh wow thats always nice when everyone can agree on the same movie.
That's cool, nothing wrong with being faithful. 
Toyota's usually last a long time so it might be a good decision.
Dang! Well at least you got a good story to tell now!
Well at least you get to be with the man you love...hopefully
More people are open and into it so yo ucan always talk to your police about it
Thanks for the advice. I have trouble letting the petty things go but I think I'll learn to be better as time goes by. I wish you a happy marriage! 
Yeah, that is a shame. I'm so sorry to hear about your loss. I know how important a great teacher can be your life.
Do make sure to get a good nights sleep before hand. That is just as important.
I can understand why you felt so nervous. A mothers attachment is rather strong to a newborn. You should get him a gaurd dog when he's a bit older if you still feel that way.
I never got into COD and I tried Overwatch when it first came out but I wasn't very good. Fortnite on the other hand I'm alright at. 
I can imagine. Things like are always so stressful, but so nice once they are completed.
Make sure you bring something to drink as well. can get quite thirsty ya know.
I'm sure they are! Itll feel more normal soon, I am sure
Yikes! I've had that before. My thoughts are with you. I'm sure the dentist will take care of it though.
That will be fun, maybe he will even let you play his xbox on it.
I agree. The convenience is nice now, but the quality is much lower.
That is very heartbreaking. Im sure she had a very positive opinion of you as well.
For sure. Well good luck! Nurses are very under-appreciated. I hope you get.
i can see where isolation can be overwhelming and the need for social contact is desirable and needed
I bet it's all in your head. I am sure it will all good smooth.
Proud of the little pup!
Why are there so many weirdos in this world? I'm glad you made it out safe.
That's a little dangerous. I'd definitely talk to her about why you didn't allow her to go to that party, and maybe she'll realize that what you're doing is for her own good.
Yes.  Chocolate is my nemesis.  I think it is more addicting than cocaine
I can imagine, talk about bad timing injuring your toes!
Good for you for standing up for your little brother. hope the kid is ok though.
Dang, I wish I could have it happen to me someday!
I hope you were really proud of yourself :-)
I hope you and your family enjoy the new home.
I hope you accomplish everything!
Well, I'm sorry you had to see that!
Oh man. Bless your soul! I bet that can test your patience.
Oh, I would be scared too. apartments seem safe unless the roof gets ripped of of coarse.
I hope you do it!
Very cool. I wish you all the best.
What kind of dog? I have a boston terrier. She's the cutest. 
What a bummer! Sorry to hear that. 
Maybe, im not sure yet
It might have upset him but I'm sure he'll understand!  Everyone loses their temper sometimes and it's not like you didn't have a legit reason
oh yes then you need much more than a starbucks gift card!  good luck!!
That is great because friendships are very important
Its shows a lot of care
Sounds like a great way of handling a potentially sticky situation - good job!
that's good though! I bet you're grateful.
Yea,thats the right thing to do
Oh wow... it seems like bad things always hit at once like that. Hang in there - I hope it will get better for you!
Oh that's so great - and now you can feel comfortable leaving them with her more often!
Are you ever going to do it again or are you done? I went when I was a child. 
Definetly! it starts with a single person right
Oh,congrats dear
Then you must have felt relief.
oh man I hope you got a second opinion? I would be so worried about your injury. I am so sorry.
I'm sure it does, I don't have any of my own but I would be really sentimental.
I know, but I'm sure you'll do great! I went to school for many years through a Master's degree, and although it was hard, it was worth it. 
Be happy that you were able to spend some time with her and sharing personal time with her by helping her with her homework. Not many parents do that for their children
That is heartbreaking. That sounds really good. Never purchased one of those.
Constant work and attention is key to a great relationship!
Yes and it always bothers me looking through scatches.
It takes awhile for it to be over. Find a hobby to take your mind off of it. It helps to ease the pain.
oh man that is horrible!  I am so sorry
That's good. No sense in rocking the boat.
Oh I know it's hard. Just try to relax and it will go quick. 
Dang, well I hope you can continue your goal of meditating every day!
Oh,dont mind me,just been curious
I feel that, plus it's nice not to have to worry about returning it.
Well I am sure he will get better with age
They are really good about that. They have a lot of safety features you don't even realize. We were stuck on Space Mountain once. 
That's depressing to here. I have family members who are still cool now as well, but I just think so fondly on when they were younger. They grow up too fast, and it really is amazing when they're young and innocent and haven't been exposed to the real world yet.
That is true. There are many situations where experience can strengthen your skills compared to just learning it from a book.
That's an awesome name. I have two feists. If you're not familiar with the breed, they resemble Jack Russell terriers, but they are bred for squirrel hunting. Their names are Whiskey and Ruby.
that's pretty crazy you could of had your money and the care package too
It sounds like a fun event.
That is good that you are a nice friend to her. 
I could never do something like that.  Thank you for your service
Maybe he has forgotten how it feels to randomly be called into your bosses office. He's moved on up.
Yeah, that had to be tough. I'm glad she's doing better now though. 
I know the feeling. You work so hard just to feel crushed.
Nice, well hopefully nothing like that ever happens again!
Oh, you shouldn't feel bad about it, i'm sure it was fine to eat!
Wow! You don't see much of that anymore. So true.
Men are crazy sometimes!  LOL!
I agree. Im sure you get bored or lonely while traveling too. 
sometimes we have to learn how to not be jealous of things
What a good dog and full of joy!
I bet, everyone should take time out yo enjoy life every once in awhile.
What is a hot slap? Sounds painful!
Don't let it break your confidence though, it just wasn't meant to be. I think you'll land your next application though.
Have you spoken to them personally? Maybe they should pay for you to move it!
That's awesome, cows are amazing
Me too, it's like you realize more and more that all you have is the present moment.
You are lucky, and I am sure he will be tons of work but it will be worth it.
No, but i hope things work out for you in this new part of your life.
I'm not very fashionable, but I do have some t-shirts that I love to wear because they fit me really well.
You sound so excited about it and your future there. I would be full of joy as well.
Well, hopefully he is as good as Sherlock Holmes and saves some lives.
Good! I don't know why people think they can get away with things like that.
It can be pretty nerve racking, but it is always great practice. You will only get better.
That's so true. My daughter moved out this year and I'm wondering where the heck the time went!
Wow congratulations! You must be so excited!
Yeah, that must be difficult
I used to, but yeah especially if you're not in school
Minus one for cats
What is she going to do there, sounds kind of dangerous.
Nice, I like your attitude
Sounds fun! Keep fighting the good fight lol
I bet that would be cool. I've watched on Tv. They know what their doing.
Oh I totally know how that goes. I moved to small town and didn't have many friends at first. Once I had my son and made more friends it got way better lol!
Yeah, I think it gets more difficult as you get older anyway.
Wow that's sad. I'm sorry.
Oh, that is definitely a change! But at least you can still keep in touch nowadays.
That's funny, just don't let it in your room while your sleeping!
It's a pretty small percentage, but it would definitely be something to worry about.
Hopefully she has a supportive partner to help her as well. Glad you are there to help her.
That is crazy, I wonder what was wrong with it
It definitely can be a challenge. I have a 10 year old boy, an 8 year old girl, and a 2 year old girl. I love being home with them.
Oh girl, that happens to me all the time too. So frustrating, just leave us alone.
Dang, I hope everything turns out okay for you guys
Yeah, at least now you're more aware, it can be pretty tough when you're trying to break the habit though
Keep it up brochacho
Confess to them what happened. Let them know how you have changed.
Yeah spending money on things is always a temporary high.
Well I'm happy for you. Its hard to catch a nap around here sometimes.
Maybe you couldn't but it sounds like something is going on with her. 
Yes its amazing how much of  a difference a few years can make in age.  It seems that males take quite awile long to mature than females.   
Feels bad, hope you have someone to talk about it with!
THats awesome, does it pay better than the one he has?  A pay increase is certainly helpful.
oh don't be, you should be happy for her, there will come a time where you will get something back in return :)
Me too, maybe our wish will come true only time will tell.
Oh wow! That's like the worst nightmare! I'm so sorry that happened to you!!
I'm sure that was not a fun ride home. 
I remember the same thing. And the joy that followed for the next moth was pure bliss
oh, that's kind of weird
that sucks, but hey man it's okay one day you'll find right person 
I hope you two have a nice future. At least you know the family will support you!
Wow! You lazy bum. You disappointed me too!
I hope that you see amazing results, and you continue to enjoy yourself!
I think that when people cheat and lie, it's because something is wrong with them and not their partner.  If he doesn't realize his mistake, then he doesn't deserve your love.  I wish you all the best!
oh, what happend
Wow that sounds like a really big journey. It must have been really hard to connect with one another only through online chats.
I see, memories will always stay, sometimes good old days just can't come back.
I bet it helped having someone there who knew what they were doing. 
Did you ever get caught?!
Oh im so sorry! I bet your are devestated! I would be tool.
Alrighty then, just seemed like a really weird thing to say. 
Canada! You should check the laws in your area to see whether or not you are legally allowed to have a pet even if the land lords do not approve.
You must have a very good connection, that's beautiful.
Oh well, accidents happen!
It's a good lesson to learn! Don't worry about it too much. I am sure that the truth will surface eventually.
All the work paid off!
you didn't let anything affect the friendship! that's good i am proud of you
That is quite unique. I'm happy to hear that!
you sure will, besides hot jocks doesn't sound too bad too me :3
You must really trust her to let her hold on to your life's savings!
Yes, it will be worth saving up for. I hope it works out for you.
I'm sure nothing happened! Gotta have some trust.
You prepared well! You will do goo.
Yes, sometimes that is the only thing you can do. I hope you are also getting some support from family and other friends 
Very nice! Keep the confidence and dont doubt yourself tomorrow.
Well that's no good, you could try taping it back together
Oh, eats lots of cake and make sure to have a nice dinner with candles. Maybe a bubble bath too.
I'm doing well. It's quite early in the morning though, that's for sure.
Good or bad I have been in that situation many times.  More recently when I was separated from my current wife.  My own place.  Finally!
oh i know this feeling, but don't worry it's okay! these things happen, soon feeling will disappear 
Very good! I anticipate you will get in!
That sounds like the worst feeling.
it's okay, next just tell them that you didn't quiet understand what they meant and so they will explain it again
Well that is a good reason to keep holding on to something!
I hope it goes better than you expect! Cram all that information into your brain!
True, they aren't a very visually appealing species. But at least they're more afraid of you, that's some consolation. 
I totally understand that feeling and know what you mean! But I wouldn't sweat over it, it happens to the best of us and we learn fro our mistakes!
Absolutely, Especially when spending a lot of money
It's wonderful you had someone like your mother to help!
Hopefully she will understand!
Puppies are so wonderful, I'm happy for you!
ohh okay I see, yeah that is a difficult situation. I hope it works out for you and best of luck buddy! :)
I'm glad that she is getting better!
At least you kept your sense of humor! 
Not everyone is cut out for sitting in a classroom listening to droning teach-speak.
I agree with you. Those painted smiles and big, red noses can be so off-putting!
Wow that sounds really awesome, I would love to listen to you songs. Can I also be the first to receive your autographs? :)
Now that's an achievement you and her will remember till the rest of her life!
It certainly has. You deserve it.
Congrats! That's awesome to hear.
good plan.  Wait until the shopkeeper was busy with someone else.
I bet you are! I think you will enjoy your new home and city!
Congratulations! You're going to do wonderful, I just know it!
Well I'm glad that you found someone worthy!
The unknown is always so scary, but especially in your case! I'm so happy that she's going to be ok. Hopefully that puts you more at ease now.
That's a big dog.  Blu is a cool name!
Hopefully the more you warm up to the new job, it will become easier.
Wow that sounds like an interesting process! I've never done it myself, but it sounds like something I would love to learn.
Well thats not too bad then.  Good on you for putting your education and studies first.  Im sure it wasnt easy at the time.
That's great. I am sure you will turn a profit in no time
That's ridiculous! They were clearly not your friends. There are much better people in the world.
I think you will be fine. If you need some alcohol to take the edge off, go for it.
I consider you to be a lucky guy. I hope one day I can pay mine off completely. 
That is great! I'm sure everything will work out.
Yeah I hope so too. That must be painful to bare. 
Thats something I would never forget. Hopefully you get another shot at it. 
That is great,  so happy for you 
You shouldn't be embarrased around your best friends. I'm sure he's just picking in good fun
Well I'm glad you sobered up and didn't do anything you would regret later!
It will work out if you believe
Dating is one of those things that everyone makes seem so easy, but in reality it's just so difficult to be able to open up to people sometimes. I hope things go well for you and you meet someone who makes you very happy!
Oh I completely agree with you. Some women just need a "challanege" you know. But its like HANDS OFF!
I know exactly how that feels.  
why is that
i guess we all learn from our mistakes never take her there again
It's hard to be accused of something you didn't do. I'm glad the truth prevailed.
OK,  now I get it. But you need to rehearse in front of a mirror,  that will help
That's good to hear!
That is true love, I am so glad you met her! 
be nice to people and you'll see that that's the only thing people care about!
Sounds like a bribe is in order. Then it's a win for everyone.
Haha! That's amazing! What a great shot. I usually have to make my husband get rid of them for me.
that went really dark quickly. making a mistake is not the same thing as dying.
Now that is hopeful.
you sure had a fun childhood!
It is probably one of the best feelings!
being honest is always a good thing, I am glad you are so proud of him!
aw that's great. you're lucky to have a father who cared like that. mine never did
What color was he- and its not your fault you were just doing what you thought was best for him.
Embarrassment is almost worse than an actual injury! I hope your knee feels better soon.
maybe you'll be luckier next time!
Wow! I'm really happy for you- that must be such a great feeling of peace. 
Are you serious? Thats not even close to being the same color.
Oh no! that must have been embarrasing
You do have a good point. You really should do what will make you happy because life is just too short
I don't blame you. That was so rude of her to make that comment in front of everyone.
I feel that way sometimes too
I think I will . Thank you for your advice.
maybe in the future you'll get to go there!
I'm sorry you are going through that. Sometimes telling the truth is the best, even if other people might get in trouble.
I love listening to nature. I live in the country, and could not imagine being in the city. I lived there for a few months, but there was too much traffic and noises that kept me up. I moved back to the country. 
That's a great career.  
wow , that sounds so cool!
Well, hopefully you will enjoy it while you are here! 
i wonder if he has a crush on you or wants something in return
At least they did that much for you. I'm sure you'll land on your feet. You seem like an optimistic type
I know what you mean, life gets more complicated as you get older :)
That's ok , Its a gods grace
Congrats dear,am so happy fpr you
Did he notice? That would have been embarrassing.
Hey, family is still family. Unfortunately we don't get to pick and choose. I know it can be hard 
that's great then , glad it didn't affect anything
no , but if you really liked her , you should be happy that she found someone she like.
maybe you just don't realize they were bad because you're optimistic to a fault
Cool! There's a lot of money to be made creating games! I bet you will do well.
OK,  maybe she's materialistic 
That's wonderful. I hope that her sickness hasn't been too taxing on you.
That's understandable. What a frustrating experience for you.
That's how it works with siblings! 
They come out in the daytime too. It's just that they are scarier at night.
I hope you hear positive news from them soon!
if you truly regret it you will tell her now, go and do that1
i can imagine, it happend to me before and it was actually someone trying to break in, i called hte police and they ran off
I am glad you made it there with only a few hiccups along the way. You must have a good memory when it comes to directions. 
That is good to hear. Yeah, my parents married young and it worked out for them too. I am happy to hear that it turned out good for you.
i know right? they make you happy and in the end that's all one needs
I agree, I wouldn't be in the mood to eat after that either, it's disgusting.
maybe it happend for a reason? maybe you will find a better apportunity to get there
How many pages do you have to go? You should try to finish it today and power through it!
that's so insane right? glad you did it yourself!
Yeah each cat has their own personality. It's good to reflect on little things like that. Maybe once the sting of all of it is over you can get another one and continue to create more sweet memories like the one you just shared with me.
Wow, she sounds like a real piece of work. I'm glad you reported her. Maybe they should consider firing her.
Well, then, you should think about God when you see them
We went through the same thing with my husband. I know it is stressful, but I am so glad you got through it and things are better now. 
Wow, it's always nice when we get something we really want. Especially if we have to compete for it.
Wow,you made it,congrats
Sure  your worth your time. do not be so down on yourself.
Just take heart OK,  it's one of those things
You can't change the past. All you can do is learn from it. If you are sincere then your family will forgive you.
That's part of being a good parent, it all goes hand in hand.
I see where you're coming from. Sometimes though you got to make a stand and show you're serious about the position.
Makes it even better that you didn't know you were getting it.
That's awesome! I am glad it didn't take long, because those have been a pain in the past for me.
That's a smart move, that would reduce the risk of injury.
That's very kind of you to be so considerate. Hopefully the right choice will make itself obvious to you in the near future. 
That's terrible, hope you weren't counting on it for fincancial reasons
That sounds exciting, it is always nice to have new kitchen appliances! I hope all goes well
That sounds like fun! And a great cure for loneliness! 
I hope you still found a great home! The home buying process is certainly frustrating.
It definitely helps to have a lot of support around you. Take care of yourself through this very difficult time.
No and I went to the grocery store and the library like that! No one said a word. It was so embarrassing.
I can understand being humiliated in the moment. Thankfully most kids grow out of that phase!
Well, let's pretend that no one noticed! Either that, if someone noticed, perhaps they smiled when they thought "Wow, I've had that happen before, too" 
I believe that you will be in a better situation soon.
I'm sure you did great! I'd be a ball of nerves too, though.
I know what you mean. I sure miss my departed loved ones.
I would be also. You should try to get him to fix your tire. 
I miss my grandmother every day. I hope things get easier for you over time.
Ooops! I'm sorry to hear that. I'll tell you what though, it happens to the best of us! It's just a drink.
I'm sure she's done something like that in the past herself though.
Way to live vicariously!
Well, actually, I think that makes sense considering you were a kid and you were use to them being with you upstairs.
That's great! I hope it was an all around good day for you.
It feels really good to be recognized for your efforts!
I will have to check it out! Thanks for the suggestion. 
That's awesome.  I'm so happy for you.
Awesome, I've gone through old albums like that before as well, and it always makes me feel good.
I would not beat yourself up over the mistake. We all make mistakes even when we are older and should know better. 
haha, I felt the same when I read some of my old baby sitter's club books
I hope it's nothing too serious. My younger brother had the same problem early on, but he turned out to just be a slow developer.
I know right? Grandparents are the best lol
That's understandable, life goes so fast that it's easy to lose touch with people you care about. All I can do is try to limit that occurrence.
That msut be exciting then, I hope the tickets aren't too expensive.
Thats awesome, good friends are always there for each other.
I feel you on that. I don't know if I could let my son play baseball after what I went through. I hope your daughter has a better experience.
I can imagine!  It's hard being apart, but it makes it that much more exciting to see each other again.
Yeah it really teaches you! I would always sit down where i was and start crying.
Thats the perfect time to just pamper yourself. I cherish those few hours every day!
That's great, the first time for everything is scary.
Yep, I do the same thing as well. Sometimes its just best if you let others help you do something.
Hah, i played the first one a ton on ps3, Wish they would release it for pc. 
The level headed approach will probably accomplish more anyway. I'm sure they have money so I also hope they don't take yours.
Haha I understand. It's like those cartoons where the smell is dragging someone through the air.
Yeah, and don't repair it! I think it gives it a history and makes it even more valuable.
Man thats terrible, I hope you can forget about him and find someone better.
I'm sure your parents are proud of your ability to take care of yourself. 
Being on a team with someone more skilled than you has it advantages, it's good that he lived up to those expectations.
That's good, it sounds like his bathroom motivated you to take yours to the next level. That's probably good for society.
Oh, yes, I know. Some breeds get bad raps and people are so quick to judge! I used to have a pit bull who was a sweetheart!
I can imagine. Hawaii seems like a beautiful place!
Yeah, I'm content being at my home town aswell.
Well hopefully that is keeping you a little cool!
That's not surprising, but now your friend knows that you are the undisputed champion.
I bet your neighbor was very appreciative of all of your help. That would have been a daunting task for the elderly neighbor.
I bet. I wouldn't want to get stuck with a money pit either. I hope your state has a lemon law.
That's awesome! I guess practice does make perfect.
That is amazing and so nice of you!
Wow! That is incredible! I hope you have somewhere to put them all. 
Aw that is so sweet. That sounds like the most special day. 
That's awesome. I hope it was an amazing ceremony. Weddings are always so much fun and romantic.
I wish you luck and hope everything ends up going well. 
We all have those moments. I'm glad yours worked out so well.
An endless flow of booze is the key to a successful party, sounds like it was a good time.,
Everything happens for a reason. I think you will realize that and this could be a good thing is disguise.
That's good, people on Craiglist can be pretty shifty sometimes.
I would be the same way.  I don't trust anyone to hold on to my comics other than myself.
Awww, that is too bad. Hopefully you get to video chat with him
I can't believe it! How could they? I'm so sorry to hear that...
That's the real trick to it, you have to try to move passed all the bad stuff and remember all the good times.
Yeah send them my regards. It's a fantastic day when you wake up cancer-free.
I'm glad you were able to remedy the situation so easily! I think that shows you have a really good relationship with him.
I really hope that is the last time it happens.
Once you see that little face, you'll forget everything else no matter which!
That's great to hear. What a great story. Very inspiring. I'm so happy they are both healthy now.
ahhh ok you do not participate in that competition
I also enjoy the love of my human parents and my human family. They take no hesitation in their focus on of their love for me.
That's rough, sometimes you really do have to rely on the kindness of strangers.
I see that is very understandle. 
No problem at all. Glad to make you feel somewhat happier :)
I definitely don't! I had a horrible experience the one time I used a hired babysitter and now I only leave my little ones with family.
I'd say so. That's so disheartening. I'm sure it was accidental. 
Yeah, that makes me sad too. I feel bad for them because they don't understand why she isn't with them anymore.
Well usually when you think the worst it turns out to be okay. I think you should try and relax.
Thank you for all that you do! I have a friend whos an EMT and I bet it's taxing work.
You're not grossing me out at all. I'm a Paramedic/Firefighter so it takes alot to get me squirming. I hope you feel better. Drink lots of Gatorade and water to rehydrate so you don't feel awful tomorrow and try to get your hands on some Zofran for the Nausea. 
I hope you continue to adjust to your new surroundings, maybe you will end up loving Dallas, who knows!
I bet! Sounds like it would be a big shock
Yes, I shudder to think of the condition of the rest of the home if the car seat is like that.
Patience isn't always a virtue that I am good with either. You should feel confident in your work!
Oh she will be none the wiser. But don't feel bad sometimes you have to indulge, and I would figure you still left her some.
that is really good to hear, I bet they loved seeing you again
That would be so scary. I actually left my credit card at a restaurant yesterday. Thankfully they held onto it for me. 
Ah! Sounds like you need a "Cat Whisperer"!
Those are awesome dogs, I've known quite a few in my life. Well whenever you're ready I think it'll be a perfect match.
Yeah, the comfort in that can feel amazing
Fingers crossed!
That sounds tough.  It seems like you guys at the daycare went through a lot together.
That's awesome. I would love to have a boy too, but I'm not sure if I want another one or not. 
Its important to care for the older generation who once cared for us. 
It must have been awfully windy.
Well it was probably nothing to worry about because you seem alright now. :)
I know the feeling. I get sick around crowds.
You are a good friend! That was very generous of you
So reckless!  It's really not that hard to leash dogs.  And with the baby there too, ugh.  I can't imagine.
That's good! My son is always running into stuff! He needs bubblewrap to keep him safe.
That can help. I know I like my hobbies lol.
Fry some for me too!
You are kind and sweet. Please never change.
I understand, but I bet you did well in spite of that !
Well at least that sounds like an easy fix! Often times those repairs can get pricy!
I wish you both all the best and hope that you have a wonderful life together!
An alien? Wow.
That always sucks. But old people are great and sometimes funny to hang out with. Maybe you should try giving them a go!
That's a great friend. Loyalty and honesty are everything in a relationship. 
I hope everything works out, family is everything.
I think you should. There are so many animals that need a good home.
Most of the time they do do well. We definitely have to trust our husbands to look after the little ones without us.
He's probably very grateful for your kindness. Hopefully, he'll return the kindness to someone else.
Don't sweat too hard. Try to focus on positive aspects of life right now, because whatever happens that positivity will carry you.
that is good i glad you were able to move
Yeah, mine just started 5th and he's in a different building and changing classes and it's a huge difference from 4th grade.
don't blame you, but as a parent you must see a lot of gross things coming from kids
That is good most people have a hard time in the first week
You're so lucky!  I would do the same, except they don't make them in my size.
Awww. That was so nice of you guys! 
Thats frustrating. At least you'll get your money back eventually.
they will never know, as long they have candy and you can keep your dark secret to yourself
I may do the same as you because yes, this has been an extremely long monday
I am sorry that happened to you , sometime bad things happen to good people
Uh yeah!  I hope you got everything fixed. 
Very true!  I'm glad it worked for you
I bet it was! I am glad you survived. lol
I hope so, too!
never give up hope, one of these days you'll be waking up in the middle of Manhattan
I bet, I'm sorry you got one. All I can recommend is cutting it shorter and let it grow back out. Or find a cool hat.
fun and dangerous my type of fun. glad you had fun
Ugh! That really irritates me. I am so sorry that happened. Too bad they couldn't catch those creeps. 
Well I hope you get to be around horses someday!  I don't know much about them but they're so cool.
so you had a sentimental attachment to it, i understand but as long as you weren't harm
It is I have had that happen with 2 of my cards and my debit card. I managed to track down through the charges who used the cards
Awww, what a sweet woman you are. There aren't too many like you out there anymore. 
Well that's good and hopefully the next one doesn't do it too
you deserve the rest after this week, must be a great feeling to accomplish what you did
that is a scary situation, so glad everything turned out ok
Oh no! That sounds scary. 
i do not know either it is sad when a dog is abandon by their owners
No kidding. I would hate to have to come face to face with one.
I just can not imagine the heart ache! Poor baby
Oh, I see. So, nothing really bad that could cause a problem really. lol
Aw, I'm sorry you didn't win. Maybe next time. 
Labs are known for their loyalty and obedience. I bet he is a great companion 
Well it sounds like you've done alright so far I'm sure the worst is behind you.
I love my kitchenaid. It has to be my most used appliance. I can see why you were so happy.
Awesome! There needs to be more people like you in this world. 
Mine is a German Shepherd.  It is amazing how they walk so close to us, almost tripping over us in our path !
Well hang onto those tight and maybe you can teach someone to play chess in the future.
I'm sure it was, but it always a great idea to be looking to improve yourself or your position. Do what is best for you.
but it must be great food if you keep going back
You and me both.
I'm sure you're not the only one. 
Wow, you definitely should be excited and looking forward to it!
it's satisfying when your pet does a trick, it feels like you and your pet accomplished something meaningful
That sounds wonderful! I'm sure that felt great.
That is good, but if it ever becomes too stressful for you I hope that you are able to talk to your friend about it because there are plenty of alternative ways to get her mother to the hospital.
Well obviously you're the more deserving one.
i like to garden so i know what you mean 
Wow, you trusted he would give it back and then he didn't. I can understand how angry you'd be!
Oh haha sorry I misread that! And that is great I am so excited to meet the bunny!! Do we have a name for it yet? 
You should probably stay out of that neighborhood in the future. Glad you're okay. Stay safe out there.
Oh man, that sounds super scary. I'm so glad your dog is okay I would be lost if amything happened to mine.
Oh gross that is disgusting. I hope your little buddy is okay though. I don't envy you at all.
That's great that you could do it. Maybe next time will go better.
that must have been a sight to see
I bit it is a good and funny memory.
Oh no, I hope you were alright! But yes that is a funny story to tell your friends :) 
Eh next year they'll have forgotten it mostly
Hmmm, I guess you could look for the hole during the day and try patching it when the bats fly out for the evening? Im not a bat expert lol.
I can so relate to your experience!  WHen I was a child my parents would try to coax me to ride and I hated it. I rode the ferris wheel once and started crying!
Oh no, even worse. Hope you got the job :)
I'm glad you got the help you needed and ended up in an actually helpful rehab. It's always good when you have control of the things in your life. Just remember to stay strong when things get tough again and to lean on your support structure. 
I'm so sorry to hear that. She is lucky to have you checking on her, you sound like a good friend.
Wow that is great! I am so proud of you. And hey, it never hurts to study more. :) 
I hope you didn't get burned too badly! I fall a lot. It never stops being embarrassing.
That's good, easy to quickly notice that awful taste.
Oh wow! Where did all of this take place? Sounds like a rough part of town?!
I don't blame them.  The characters were annoying, and the color palate was horrible.
Oh that's hard but I'm sure you will get yours too. It's hard being patient though when others get theirs before you.
What a lovely memory! That's hilarious that your dad made you go back and return it! 
Well I hope you here back from them and they will give good news.
I'm still friends with my old roommate, but I found other people to spend my time with.
Nice, I hope you have a great time at the party! Have some fun for the both of us!
Thats wonderful. Oddly shaped Christmas presents usually make you want to open them EARLY just to get a peak :)
Maybe an airhorn or something would spook him off. Dogs tend not to like loud sounds, after all. 
Wow! You are already super successful! I hope you help them kids!
that is bad . goodness the nerve of some people.
Aww, I am so glad that you were able to find him again! A dog truly is a man's best friend.
Well that's good. I'm glad so far it has worked out :)
Ain't that a whopping , I would have comp;ained to somebody about it.
As I a child I imagine that would be incredibly scary. How did you find them again?>
Oh gross, makes me never want McDonalds again.
Wow. I am disappointed in you too, you monster :(
I get that. My sister broke my favorite coffee mug.
Dang! Your dog must have been so excited to see you come back!
Oh no, how did he take it? 
Yeah, I can relate to that. I hate feeling like I don't know what dangerous marine life could be around me.
Aww, that's tremendous. Those are big steps, but if ever there is a good-sign of a relationship, it's when those topics are approached happily. Congratulations!
haha, yeah I know what you ean, but at least you know it is fresh! 
Could be either!
Oh god, I hate bugs!
Well that's good. Hopefully didn't take long to open up roads.
I bet you guys had a lot of catching up to do!
My dog needs some good training!
That's a good friends right there. Looking out for your best interests is a sign that they're truly a keeper.
Aw, that just shows that he is a great friend. Maybe you can treat him to lunch for the rest of the week for taking the fall for you. I am sure he would really appreciate that :) 
That's great, nothing better :)
For sure. I luckily have not had anyone cheat on me.
I had to borrow money to get a second degree. Hurt my pride, but it's okay.
Oh my goodness! That happens to me often. I just get distracted with whatever is playing in front of me and eat everything in my hands!
That's not cool!  I hope you did well in spite of not having your lucky pencil.  Siblings can be quite pesky at times!
Well, I hope it does not happen again!
A stripper, I see. Well what she does not know will not hurt her.
I know someone with that. She might need some medication.
I hope you are in some therapy. That can take a toll on the average person.
Do u remember the name of that Island? 
Wow. That is incredibly romantic. You're a lucky girl! 
Mine passed away too. She was a great woman.
I bet they love games.
Your dog must be very healthy !
You are much better off
I would love some of that right now.
Dang! I hope you got them big discounts before you ordered them!
I have a few bears.
I'm sorry. Maybe she just needs time to process things.
Dang, it must have been embarassing
That is good
Oh, then its okay
Erm. Well, I hope that comes true for you. Betting better can sometimes be more about believing it. Maybe your cat believe he is fine.
That may be gross, but she is just putting effort into her appearnce.
oh man that sounds embarrassing. I would've just run out of the store and country
You should be able to trust that he won't do anything shady when he talks to other girls. If you can't trust him then that might mean you need to reevaluate your relationship with him. 
Wishing you all the best!!
It must be nice to be in trusting and safe relationship like that.
Who are they you are referring
I wish I had a cool friend like you!
You two are lucky to have each other!
I would too.  I have lost things before and never had anyone turn them in and its not a good feeling.
Dang! Maybe you can send me some too
I am too scared of getting scammed from those
I heard it is one of the best games of this generation!
That is the thing about athletes, it is crazy how gifted they are compared to an average person.
Yes your a lucky person and I'm happy for you.
Wow, you must be very proud of her
Dang, well I hope these things don't happen again!
That is incredible , my dad had canswer and we had people from our church pray for him and others did as well and his cancer went into remission.
It sounds like you really care about her. I hope everything works out great for you guys!
Aw, I love that he had you there with him when it happened. I bet that made it feel a bit better for him
That is truly amazing! I wish you the best of luck! And I am sure she loves you still!
I imagine. I left my parents and my country when I was 25 years old. 
HJow do you put up with it , I Know I could not do it.
That is very unfortunate, I hope things turn around for you my friend!
Wow, he is super rude! Beat him up!
Yup, time goes by too fast!
That is a smart and well thought out plan
The only thing I can tell you is to have faith in her judgement. If you ever lose it, it is time to cut your losses and run because it will only lead to hurt and ruin.
You should keep your head down, not make eye contact, and make a mean face! He won't call on you then!
You deserve a raise for that mentality
Well I hope he learns his lesson!
What do you plan to do
Nice, I hope I can overcome my fear one day too!
and now they're rattled around by 250lb guys smashing into you
Congrats!!!! It is an amazing experience! I just had a little baby girl 3 weeks ago
Sounds hard! I hope you do well in your exams!
Good for them. Nice to know that there are good people left in the world
Oh man! I hope it all works out for you. 
well maybe you should find another job
What can you do to help him stop drinking
Dang, well I hope she has a wonderful future!
Maybe you should talk face to face with him next time you see him.
The same habit that I took up
Well that might explain it, those zombies aren't very nice!
Oh no thats pretty gross! I hope that is not true, because if it is that is gross.
Parents always think they know best. Until their children prove them wrong they tend to think that. 
As you're hopeful, you will get it
well you better make sure of that. tell him if he forgets again you'll divorce him
well , that's insane! i'm glad you find you life partner , and i hope everything goes the way you guys planned !
Exactly! that is a great outlook to have. You did your best and as long as you are happy personally all the rest does not matter
Yeah, but sometimes these things can't be avoided.
You get relaxed and even get more productive when you get back to work. 
That is wonderful! I wish you and your family the best! Sending positive energy, love, and light your way.
Sometimes things are a necessary evil. And who knows as long as you keep your options open the perfect job may be right around the corner.
i hope that you didn't get hurt
On my 30th birthday, my wife bought me my dream car. A Jeep. I never saw it coming.
she probably appreciate you so much for doing that. 
Our second family dog died last year. She was the runt of the litter, so it was a surprise since she was a small dog.
That's so cool, I'm sure he'll love it and make some great friends!
That is unfortunate, but funny at the same time!
maybe you should ask i think that's the easiest way of discovering what is better for you!
Uhnnn,most of us did!
You monster! Everyone loves animals
You are living life. 
Dang, that is very unfortunate.
I hope you are right.
Yes a boss who is helpful and has a good attitude will have earned my loyalty from the beginning.  The better I feel about work the better I perform in the long run.
Perfect state of mind.  I will take that any day.
well, you know everything happens for a reason. 
What a shame. I wouldn't make them my partner again. (and I might venture so far as to notify the professor)
At least he lived a long, happy life. 
see? they can't get mad at you so you shoudn't feel ashamed, instead search for another job and help them.
It pays to always be kind. Even if you don't get rewarded immediately but at least you helped someone.
you don't deserve a best friend like that. or even a relationship where you have to keep fighting for the attention. i suggest you leave both of them and look for your future with other people!
She was a keeper though, I'm sure it was worth it for him.
Hopefully!
Cool, I never played the drums. My band teacher in middle school tried to discourage playing the drums cause there are no notes!
well hopefully you won't die. be careful and make sure you have fun!
Oh, I'm so sorry that happened to you. I really hope you were able to get the color fixed eventually.
Oh wow....I hope you can get through it.
I would have switched schools if I were you. I would hate to have to be with bullies like that
I hope she didn't make you feel too bad about it! People make mistakes when they're young.
The plus side about schools is that someone else will do something that everyone will focus on soon enough.
I stepped on my uncle's fishing pole, kinda hard to tell if it catches fish worse or not.
I'm glad y'all were able to make it through such a hard time.
Yes, we can truly not judge people because unless you are very close with a person you can't know their full story!
I am so sorry for your loss.  It can be a relief to know he isn't in pain.  I felt the same way when I lost my Aunt last year.  She was like a mom to me.
That's funny and unfortunate at the same time. I really hope your son was okay and not too traumatised by the experience!
that's good I have 2 teenage daughters and dread the idea of leaving them by themselves
10 years of teaching experience, I'm sure you'll end up having a great year! Don't stress too much.
i hope he can forgive you and help you forget about what you said.
Oh, my goodness. I really hope you're right and that the results come out negative.
cool!! even i wanted to learn guitar.. but have no time for it
you are a trustworthy person, glad he forgot it at your place not somewhere else
There is a lot you can't control in life though. If you focus on the things you can control, then it might stop the negative feelings about things you can't control
Wow, well he will have to learn his lesson before he will get a job or go to college. That won't work there.
well you should be more worried about dying in a car accident, because that's 10x more likely. drive safe
That's great, my one son spent time in a childrens hospital and the care was fantastic could not have been happier with them
Yes, we can discover our inner worlds whenever we're alone!
that's okay. you can always get yourself another dog.
that's so nice to hear. I have always been very close with my family too, but I have friends who aren't and it's horrible
I am sorry you feel so bad about it. I sincerely believe God will forgive a truly repentant heart.
I know how you feel. Congrats on raising a young adult
Oh wow! I like getting out of my comfort zone and doing new things, it's such a thrill. Especially rock climbing - I had a friend who made me do it once too
would you feel better if it was in the form of advise, instead of point blank telling you to do something? 
I think so too! I think people should have more confidence in themselves, but you always focus on the negative things more than the positive! 
I'm not a fan of pineapple on pizza!! Pepperoni is by far my favourite 
It certainly will.
Crazy world we live in.
Did you try to apologise before she hit you, or did you not have time? 
But you can make arrangements such that you see him every weekend.
I think if you're respectful and state what you did wrong and how you'll fix it, she will forgive you.
oh my god, how embarrassing was that? 
It sounds like you really have had a good life so far! It makes me feel happy hearing good news stories like this 
Oh yeah, you must be a brilliant student
That was really nice of her to get it for you. She must love you very much.
Ha, that's good! I've had so many embarrassing things happen. We all have!
That's good, there is a lot of ways to make the relationship alive and interesting!
If she is that good a friend, I'm sure she'll forgive you soon enough. 
I hope you have some friends and family that you can rely on to cheer you up. I'm sorry about your cat and I hope you know you gave it a good life!
it's always good to have a professional help with this kind of things, glad you had fun!
Do you have close friends and family that can help to support you through this time? 
I think war is universal. The causes are many.
oh, it was an accident, and it's alright. as long as you make sure that you use the right seasoning next time. it's all gonna be okay.
well I think she should be the one to get you out of it! Otherwise perhaps you could see a financial adviser. They might be able to help you consolidate your debts 
I very much agree! Being grateful is important, it keeps you level headed and grounded in life!
that's great, glad you managed to make everything okay afterwards, that must've been a lot of hard work!
That's a relief. You have the people who matter safe and sound, the stuff can be replaced in time.
That's incredible, well done! I injured my knee a few months back, so haven't been able to run since then. so frustrating
It is really hard to deal with  Especially if you aren't nearby. Sounds like you really miss your sweet beast! 
I hope that you can find a solution to help with that. Good luck!
People do change a lot when they grow up. I met an old school friend the other day, and they were awful now! 
that's such a shame. I'm sure something similar will come up soon though 
That's good then, as long as no one waa hurt! was he drunk? 
Have you always been very trusting? 
That is a legit lunch.  Solid choices.  A+  would eat.
Haha! I think a lot of people can probably relate to that. I'm sure she appreciates it!
I can see how it would make you anxious. 
It is good that you enjoy your alone time. Sometimes we just need a little "me-time".
My daughter got scared of haunted house once. It was hilarious, but I sympathise with her and you.
I wouldn't have been able to either! It's super gross!
I would feel the same way.  Perhaps you could mention it to your co-worker nicely and they will take pity on you.  
Those vacuums are amazing and are one of a kind. You should get it!
Nice! you are a lucky lady. 
I hope one day you can find a solution and get back to being the old you.
Congrats because I know you will definitely overcome the pains
Do twins run in your family or are you just lucky? I mean that seriously, not sarcastically 
I bet, that's usually how it goes, but so glad to hear of your promotion. I bet you're super happy!
What did he get sick with? I hope it's not contagious! 
I remember those day's and do not miss them
It great you were confident despite your illness. It's a sign of good character.
I can relate! I love to tan and haven't had the chance to yet either!
that's too cool I would love to get a puppy some day
I believe that's for the best. You should get regularly tested after this. I hope the best for you.
I am glad you escaped it
Uh oh. I hope whoever saw it had a little chuckle then let it go. It's no big deal.
Your heart was in the right place. It sad that children can't be fed in our world today. Maybe one day nobody will have to be hungry.
OK, now I understand. Maybe she later got a ride home
Wow! I can't even do that now! I bet you are very proud of her.
That must be so infuriating. I'd get upset if it were me.
Hey that's awesome. And you're right it doesn't, so live it up my friend!
She'll forgive you eventually. You'll never make the same mistake again I promise you that!
That is a lot of people!! You are loved and appreciated! Now, its time to start planning his suprise birthday
That's what you need to focus on is just giving her all of your love, she will cherish it. I'm so sorry you're going through this, I hope that you can find peace with the situation.
I really admire your love life. 
I hope things get better for you, you seem to be a good soul. I pray for your lose.
I know it might seem like empty words from a stranger but just keep at it. Try as hard as you can to stay positive you will see results, trust me.
I just think you should just be optimistic and patient
Well that's great for you. Everybody loves a little extra money!
I guess not, but I hope you still had (or will have if it hasn't happened yet) a great wedding!
Understandable, when you put so much work into something only to be eclipsed by someone else. Not a good feeling.
I understand completely. I hope that you can enjoy going to more games, and carry on his spirit when you go.
At least it wasn't something you did on purpose. I'm sure it will blow over!
Yeah I would be a little horrified too if my cat did that! I'm dying of laughter thinking about your situation.
Congratulations. I hope you stay happy always.
Lets hope it will trace the house back
It can be frightening, especially with all those new classmates and teachers. 
It's never fun to see your significant other around someone they used to date. At least he is with you now and I'm sure you have nothing to worry about!
I'm so happy you were able to get a dependable vehicle. I always have someone come with me as well. It's nice to have a second pair of eyes.
When my relatives have died, it helps me to remember the good times, and makes me smile instead of being sad
I am so sorry, that is so tragic. At least you have some good memories with him. 
Yes, it's true in life too when you grow up, sometimes the best family has nothing to do with blood relations.
Yeah hopefully all the hoopla over the first day distracted everyone. I am sorry that happened to you though.
I am glad you are okay. I wrecked my favorite car 3 years ago and I still miss it.
Oh wow, I can only imagine.  Paperwork is not fun.  I hope you got it all done eventually!
Uhmnnn!
Wow, that is true love
It will help you,  even in blood circulation 
What did you do? I would just laugh it off.
I believe that, a lot of people think because you're at home that you have time for things other than work.
It's good you were able to find new companionship in your new dog. Congratulations on your new pet.
Ahh, sounds like a tough situation. Maybe you should try letting your girlfriend know how you feel.
Yikes! I can't even imagine how embarrassing that was.
please do Asap!
That's amazing. Love is absolutely grand. I am happy for you two.
You will really have enough time to rest
I haven't had a chance to try bath bombs yet.  But my daughter in-law loves them.
It's hard when they grow up. Hopefully she will learn from her mistakes.
That is excellent news.  You must be very proud.
lol hey a week is a reasonable time to pack three backs, I would do the same
Good keep temptations at a distance. You never want to mess up a good relationship over a one night stnad.
That would make me nervous, you never know if they are looking through your things. 
That's no fun, but I hope everything works out for next semester.
It's good to have someone so trustworthy. Congratulations.
That's too bad. I hope they didn't charge you for the items they missed.
I can imagine you're very angry. You'll find someone better.
oh that's really nice of you I am glad he's okay
I second that. Finding that eternal partner is one of the greatest joys a human being can experience.
Oh, that does not seem like such hard work. It is fun to move into new houses. I like moving around.
just think, today will be tomorrow's memories when looking back
Uh oh...Was it tainted? I wouldn't risk it...
You could certainly bring some physicality to the position with your height. I say go for it!
you're gonna be okay. It's been five years since I've lost mine. Just keep her close to your heart.
Quite the little zoo.  What a great friend you have!
That sounds so sweet . Family time is the best!
yeah it does! Great job man I'm proud of you!
that's the spirit! always believe in yourself!
Oh that sounds like so much fun! sounds like you are very grateful for good friends! 
On no! I'm sorry you were embarrassed, but I'm sure it sounded wonderful! 
sounds like you planned for everything! enjoy yourself! 
Well hopefully you can still maintain communication with them. It's normal to be nervous though, just go in confident
It's amazing how dirty they can get, isn't it.
oh wow, did they justify the overcharge? i'd dispute it
hard work should pay off nice to hear about some one getting back after they put in congratulations.
I don't blame you!  He should have been more responsible.
Pesky snakes. Was it a black racer? I see those all the time in my yard.
Buying a home can be nerve wracking but in the end it's worth it!
I'm happy that your brother is in sobriety now. I hope his life recovers.
Good dogs are hard to vfind I can imagine how sad that must have been.
It's cool that you're such a fan though. I hope the movie lived up to your expectations.
Yeah, it was like the only thing to do in summer. The whole town comes out and the pool is crowded! Oh, those were the days!
Yes. Some more than others. But sometimes I think it's all relative.
That's not good. I'm sorry that happened to you.
Thats great, says a lot about the type of person you are, in a good way! I probably would've gone for revenge knowing myself.
That's great that you have that type of relationship with him. My husband and I approach things together and discuss everything, which works great for us. You have to do what works for you and your relationship.
That will be really convenient.  There's one near us we like to skateboard to.
Wow, no power at home is terrible. What would we do without electricity?!
Aww, that's cute! I love older dogs, but I know it can be scary sometimes when they show signs of poor health. I'm glad he was okay!
I hate clowns! when I try to run I sink into the ground.
If people knew it was because of spiders they'd totally understand. I can't stand their creepy crawly bodies!
That's awesome. Now I miss my friend. lol
Aw that's awesome. I bet he enjoyed getting to know your past a little bit better.
Sometimes our best life experiences are after we make big changes in our life. It sounds like a fun adventure to me. :)
That's annoying! The weather team has one job. Rain is so relaxing to be used for showering. 
That's understandable, but you won't know her position on the issue until you bring it up. Either way it's your call.
Hope you have a nice trip, It's good to have things to look forward to. 
Maybe I'll do that tonight!
Aww. Mine is getting pretty old. I'm not looking forward to losing him.
I could understand that. I don't like crowds so lol.
Great! You deserve it!
They have a mind of their own some days.
That's why I wear long shirts. You can work. and not offend anyone!
I understand completely. I would have done the same.
Oh man, that's brutal. So close, but so far.
That's not too bad, I'm glad you had a good vacay and your friend is trustworthy!
I feel all for those poor animals and want to adopt all of them
before you know it , she will be out and about
Wow, thats awesome you were only in for a few days.  I guess I haven't had an accident that bad before but I would have thought it would have been a longer time period.  
Oh I can imagine! Glad everyone is ok!
I hope so, no one should have to live throught hat
You definitely should be! Hopefully you took lots of photos!
Yeah, they can help get the spider outside.
I have and infinity!!! its an older 2006 model i got it at a insanely good price around 4k
That's a good idea. I think there is alot of promise there. good luck.
We don't have any roaches where I live luckily.
I may have to encourage some of my family to pick up martial arts. We never delved to the high levels and I see a lot pf value in the teachings.
you'll be great, i wish i was there to see it
Ahhh, what a horrible thing to see in the morning! Hope your day went well after that. 
It's okay. We all need to vent sometimes. Bosses are the worst people to deal with sometimes.
Thats awesome!  I know stores will typically hold onto a lost wallet but calling you is going above and beyond what the norm is.
its nice to have another to lean on when it happened
I really hope they listen and can make some changes!
Ha! That's awesome. The 80's style was so cool! 
I would be too. Going through something like that can take a toll on anyone, and makes it hard to cope with everyday life. I hope he gets the help he needs.
That's a great thing to have going for him!
Oh man! I feel for you!
Well I wish the best for both of you
I now the feeling, I always had stage fright as a kid. Hopefully it wasn't too tough for her.
Yeah, cats are a little tricky. I think dogs are much more friendly, but that's just me! 
I know that feeling, I see that kind of stuff all the time where I live too. I hope you stay safe.
I definitely understand.  My doctor is not super close either.
Wow, that's awesome! Good for you guys, I hope you have many more happy years together. :)
How old is she? I remember mine couldn't remember me me but I could still make her laugh,
see you made the right choice and you will always be glad you went
Oh! That's something to look forward to then! decide what your gonna do? 
Keep Mturking brother
I'd love to see that. I was a big fan of Winnie the Pooh growing up, so I bet I'll love it.
Ohhhhhhh, yeah that's really hard on everyone then. Taking it to corporate would be a good idea to help the company and the workers, if you need to vent out any more frustrations, just let me know!
I understand, funerals can be heartbreaking. But it gives you good closure! 
This is very true and what all the great thinkers out there preach! 
The worse they can do is not hire you, gotta put yourself out there. best of luck!
Does online shopping make it easier?  I would think maybe it would relieve some stress if you could do it from your house
I completely understand.  Hopefully the manager was able to take care of it for you!
Well, I'm glad you didn't hurt yourself at least.
I'm glad you were there to show that people still care.
Just give him a big hug and let him know how much you love him, and I'm sure all will be forgiven! :)
Yes, I think everything in life happens for a reason and we can't change that. I'm glad you had your breakthrough!
Lol. Aww. I hope he is back now. Mine no longer lives with me and I kind of like the quiet.
I hope you have a great time! I should try and see a show soon so i can be cool like you.
I haven't watched any old videos in a very long time, I'll have to see if I can find some next time I'm at my parents.
That has to be a very powerful feeling.
You should be careful about jumping to conclusions. 
You should have a beer with him or something to show your gratitude!
I really, really hope it works out for you guys!
Well, at least you have some relief for now.  I hope that it stays in remission.
Losing a few pounds has such a positive effect. You must feel better too. I need to get on that!
Hopefully she isn't too far away for you to visit often!
It's a difficult way to realize you should live every day to the fullest potential.
Whats it like? I have never been there. 
My girls think I'm the coolest because I watch Sailor Moon and Dragonball Super and a ton of other anime and I'm like, "I've been watching stuff like this since before you were born!"
Wow.  I hope she wasn't in any pain.
I got some bad grades in college and told my parents I was doing better than I was. I know how ashamed I felt at that time too.
Fair enough. $100 can be made easily; a watch with sentimental value is priceless.
I agree with you. Hard work tends to give the results in the end.
Well at least you have a safety net. 
Oh, wow!  That does sound fun!  Just for the idea of eating in class every once in a while!
very cool! That's awesome you have that opportunity to do something you love every summer!
It'll be good for her to have your support, so hopefully she'll do better this semester.
Oh that is so great. So many people fantasize about doing that.  Congratulations!
Yeah it
I love her!  I'm definitely going to see it, thanks for the rec!
Friends come and go in life, it's up to you to determine if you want to reconcile with this person or not.
That's good. My mom would freak
Wow. Sculpture. Very impressed. 
That's something she should know. 
Thats awesome! Theyll come in handy on those rainy days or nice relaxing days!
you will enjoy it as he grows older because you had a hand in it and know that he will be prepared for it
Nah, if they were understanding it's all good!  Everyone has a little too much from time to time.
Being frugal is always a benefit in the long run. I suggest doing online surveys to make some extra cash  ;)
Awwww!  That sounds so fun!  And they sound like such happy little guys!
I completely understand. It does sound amazing though!
Aww, that's disappointing. Sorry to hear that. 
It will get easier. Hang in there!
Oh I'm sorry to hear that. Still, onwards and upwards. I wish you all the best!
Yes, we as a community must teach people how to drive properly without any risks
I'm about to switch careers, so I'll be doing the interviewing thing soon. It's scary.  
You sound a bit like me. I get lost in the details of things myself sometimes. I'm sure after you weigh the pros and cons of the situation you'll come to the right conclusion for yourself.
I graduated a long time ago too -- 1985. Those were great times for me too. I feel sentimental about it.
Then keep your head up & keep reaching for the stars! Maybe this will be the one!! But even if it doesn't turn out, keep on searching. Your perfect job IS waiting for you. :)
Mine are older and think they're too cool for everything.  I took my usual 'first day of school' picture and I got, "Mom, aren't we too old for this?"
I bet you were so proud of your creation! I hope everyone enjoyed the cake.
That must be really tough. I hope you can see her again soon.
It's so good to see old shows we grew up on coming out on DVD!  
He better be! Sounds like he's in the wrong crowd. Hopefully, he finds new friends soon.
Aw, I'm sure you tell her. I hope to be that kind of mom when my kids are adults. 
It happens to everyone honestly, I can relate. We will always have good memories to remember though, and thats what matters the most.
If I lost mine hiking I would for sure think it was gone forever.  Hopefully they didnt cancel too many cards before you got it back to them!
Maybe you should try introducing yourself to your neighbors.  Or look online for meetups for hobbies that you're interested in.
Yea those out of state fees can be ridiculous. Best of luck to you!
With that kind of confidence, you should be a shoe-in for the promotion!
Oh nice, they can be so sweet and gentle. 
It probably is, at least you get to experience another culture.
are they carrot flowers? 
Wow. I hope you didn't hurt yourself!
I have always wanted to go to that.  I love Universal, and Halloween is my favorite holiday
Your neighbor is very careless. Thankfully no one got hurt
wow, that is some secret. 
I still see my high school buddies on a somewhat regular basis but it is a great time telling those stories over and over.
Hah, i hope you two have some fun. My sisters visited me a few weeks ago and we had some fun.
Wow, I bet it will be a really good dog then. Hopefully you hear something soon!
Yeah you got lucky there for sure!
Oh man, that sucks 
I bet! Thats great news though, congrats to him!
I remember how frustrating house hunting was.  Glad it has worked out for you.
That's beautiful, looks like you've found a job that's fulfilling!
Oh well that seems improper, you should bring it up to her supervisor.
I haven't got that one yet, but once I have a bit of spare cash I'll look into it.  
Good. We all make mistakes. It's the human condition. 
I'm glad you have something to remind you of them!
Yes it does. The DMV has the longest wait times. You go in first thing and already have a 45 minute wait from the get go. 
I hear ya, Don't be too hard on yourself though. being a parent can really test you! I'm sure you are doing fine.
I'm sure the students are nervous about meeting their new teacher as well.
I can understand being emabarrassed by that as well.
Sounds interesting. I do a bit. Not an avid fan though.
No that sounds great, I don't go to the same places enough for that, maybe I'll get lucky someday!
i do not know what to say, i guess the best thing to do is let them work it out on their own
I like to go out for dinner.
That is horrible.  I can't even imagine.
I bet. I used to have a dog years ago and have had that happen too.
Yeah, that noise would have scared me and I would have grabbed a weapon to. 
That is a good thing to do, im sure you feel empowered because of that
That's great that she's kept so many! I bet your family will appreciate that as time goes on.
How interesting. I bet you are super proud.
Yeah well im glad you atleast have that to help you
Im sorry but you should still never hit him. It could just make him bit again
Yeah that is pretty old for a animal but that is life i guess
I think its wonderful you will not have any expenses from the wreck
Yeah you are a very lucky person
Busted thats good stealing is a horrible thing to deal with.
I like to bet in the football pools at the bar I visit. I lose a lot though.
Yeah i can only imagaine
Well it sounds like it was your fault then I would attack you to if you left me at home all day with food! lol
Still that seems a little strange to do
Thats important these days more than ever.
that is really cheap!
Im sorry to hear that. I dont like my neighbors either
Well that is good. Not too many people trust their spouses nowadays. 
Yeah that is pretty far
I would too. I like the light shows and magic shows
Well keep looking something is out there for you
It smelled bad and you felt bad LOL
Yeah but where i live snow and ice are not really a issue
That's good. And your girlfriend sounds like a real keeper. 
Yeah the cold can affect us older gents in some odd ways.
You should talk to her every chance you can, you never know when it will be your last. 
That is good. It's not good to be stressed. 
I know, You just have to take it one day at a time
Good call! I would of done the same thing. You can never be too careful! 
For sure, I miss being able to have my moms cooking. Now I am very far away from her.
Yeah, it can be hard to be patient with people like that. 
Yeah, make him regret doing such a cruel thing. 
I bet. This has been the most rainy season I have ever seen
oh my goodness! That is scary! I am glad to hear you are ok.
Yeah, it shouldn't affect your insurance. Since you were not at fault. But who knows how the whole thing will turn out. 
Now you can relax and enjoy the rest of your day.
Thats always important anytime your in a dangerous siyuation.
Well, this is how you get some, but having to deal with situations where your only choice is to wait patiently!
I can't stand the haunted houses where things jump out at you
I need to actually build a relationship with my neighbors. I barely even know mine. 
Im sorry that happened.
Neat! Did you buy it used or new? It's always a satisfying experience!
Thats a shame they were one of the first stores I remember.
That won't be fun waiting. But at least you can skip the commercials. 
You are right. I always feel nostalgic looking at my grandma's old photograph
I can only imagine. Its one of those things that would embarass anyone but it happens to us all at some time
Oh gotcha! Well at least it wasn't as bad as the crash of 2008.
Ohh you have a really good memory. I am very bad at remembering things, lol.
No, I don't. But I want to have kids someday.
They've should have had similar feelings, so they should have been more understanding.
ohh, that's so bad. It was not even your brother's fault. I really feel sorry for him.
Oh that brings back memories, my grandparents raised me. I am so sorry 
Thats sad to hear. i hope he pulls through.
I wish I had such a good co workers!
I see. It was many years of work. I guess his classmates were afraid o him, not everybody is black belt so young. 
Price we pay for beauty...I bet you looked amazing!
That is awesome, I know how challenging it can be to get some alone the especially when you have kids and there is no school in the summer!
that's exciting.  
Awww, that is cute. Is she married already? or are u married with someone else? 
Be careful please do it carefully
Well, that's great. I hope that you show a lot of passion in your style, maybe with bright colors.
That is heartwarming. You are lucky to have had such a loving grandpa!
That is great, I bet you had a great time because it is always nice to be able to "escape " for a week and just relax! :) 
That's awesome. You could probably get a scholarship and go back to school for free though
Aww, I hope that you two were able to discuss about what happened and how it made you feel. He may have not realized that he was doing that because there may have just been too many people there.
Eeewwww!! I have never seen that in real life, but just the thought is super disgusting!!
Oh no I am so sorry to hear that. I wish you all the best and they are probably in a better place :) 
I understand that. its crazy how our tax money paid for them to improve that and they never did.
it is good idea. You will be happy helping others. 
Goodness that must have been terrible, you shouldn't be so trusting of others.
Congratulations! Tests are always hard, it feels great when you do well.
I will always be here for you. Secrets are for sharing with someone you trust.
I am such a lucky guy to have a friend like you
It is always good to see old friends after years of separation. It makes us nostalgic.
Good. MThat can be devastating.
Good! Life is unpredicatable and on the road, its not how you drive it's how other drive.
I'm glad you're safe and the car can be repaired. Let the insurance companies deal with it.
Girls can be tough at that age. You are lucky ;)
It's nice to have supportive people around you. It really builds up your confidence.
Nah, most kids that age are just trying to buy candy. it's much worse when you know fullly what stealing implicates.
Glad I could relate my friend. Enjoy the rest of your day.:)
I am hopeful that I will achieve that. Hopefully soon.
We all have embarrassing moment. We just have to just laugh and keep on.
I'm sorry to hear that. I can only imagine how precious those chess matches were to you. I bet you look back on them fondly.
I am so jealous! I hope you pack lots of sunscreen.
Yes, it is. They can be very helpful when they want to be.
You are a good and caring friend. She is lucky to have you.
I have friends like that too. To be honest, I have dropped friendships over this. 
Have you thought about getting therapy?  Sometimes, it will speed the process of healing.
I hope you guys have a good time and are able to reconnect with each other in new ways.
Exactly. I feel like that's one of the best feelings. 
Forgetting is part of human nature. I'm sure she'll forgive you eventually.
I would be afraid of alligator. The water has so much pollution in it. But, then again we can't worry about things.
I can see where you would be shocked. I'm happy for her. 
i hope they didn't get mad at you, some  things like are so precious 
I hope everything works out well for you! That is so exciting.
You're a lucky lady. He must be a really caring man.
You're so lucky. I'm sure you've earned that sense of personal enrichment. You deserve it.
I hope you feel better soon!
Dogs can get crazy like that sometimes, I'm glad no one else saw it happen!
Then go for it!!  Go buy that engagement ring and set up a beautiful proposal.
I do marathons, too. Netflix. haha
Oh man!  You must have your hands full!  I bet you're having a ton of fun though
No, we had to fight through a lot of stuff. Just love each other, and always remember your not each others enemy.
Did they have major layoffs or something?  
I mostly watch college but yeah, football is great!
That's a bummer! I've always found drinking a bit of water and then holding my breath helps a bit.
I have been reading a lot it really helps me relax so much.
Thats excellent. 
I'll keep my fingers crossed for you!
It's a party with lots of people, not a private dinner. I respect and understand your devotion to your husband though.
Oh dear, I can only imagine please stop blaming yourself. I feel your pain.
I'm sure you will have fun.
I wish my mom was still alive. Just make sure that you show her how much you appreciate her. Even though you were upset because you had to work look at the bright side.
It's good that you don't let others bring you down.
Just stay positive and always be thankful.
Oh, sounds difficult. Good luck.
Did she understand when you gave her the reason you didn't want to lend it to her? 
I might try listening to some calming music. Stress can have a negative impact on your health.
Aww that's great, dogs can be so loving.
I am sorry you have to deal with that.   I am lucky because I don't sweat that much.  Can't imagine having to deal with that.  I hope you find something that can help you
I really do like it here, my city isnt quite urban but its not rural either, Harlingen TX, cost of living is pretty low here and i think the weather is always nice.
That sounds like a pleasant time.
That's great! They sound like they are very good parents. 
I bet he is! :) 
Losing the companionship of a friend really changes your routine. I'n sure you'll find another friend and you won't be lonely.
Haha, yeah that is great! I am glad you enjoyed the thrill of riding one :)
WHy?!
She sounds really wonderful. 
Wow that's pretty fundamental to your personality, and a great thing to discover. I imagine the knowledge will help you throughout life.
A "U" grade? yeah that's one that needs explaining
Awesome!  Hopefully you gave them the motivation they needed for the new year!
Oh man. Good luck!
That's completely reasonable considering the distance you had to drive for no reason. hopefully another interested buyer pops up soon.
That does make such a difference, a job that you enjoy
Strawberries in cinnamon roles?  That might be really good!
Me too. That was very nice of what you did for that dog. 
Oh, That's hard work, School and a job. It shows good work ethic though.
wow that is somewhat disturbing! I cant understand how people get such serious emotions for famous people.
That's scary. I'm not sure what I would have done if that were me. What did you do? 
Yes, It's nice that her struggle is over and she is in a wonderful place now.
that's good to hear, and if your spouse finds out she would be proud and mad at the friend
I love days like that, with two gets that would be the best day for me as well!
You are a wonderful person then.
That's a shame, but sometimes it is good to face our fears.
That stinks, but I am sure you got to see a lot of nice scenery. 
Don't feel bad, It happens to the best of us.
I'm sorry it fell through, but hopefully you will find something even better, and bonus, you won't have to deal with her.
Hopefully the car holds up. I think you are playing it smart by having realistic expectation of when aid will arrive.
Maybe a ukulele? It's always fun to hear new music you like!
I bet! I bet that job would be a lot on your physically as well as mentally.
Maybe this year will be different.
He sounds wonderful and he sounds like he was a great companion and friend. :)
i think he will fully understand and see it as no problem
hahaha, he may have been a little angry but I'm sure he got a decent laugh out of it.
I'm so glad you were okay!
You should of try to let it out slowly.
Well that's good advice. I hope it worked out for him!
I'm sorry to heat that. That's something that can't be replaced. 
That poor woman. Hopefully she is going to be all right. 
Oh no! That sounds scary. Some of the rollercoasters can be very well built while others are very sketchy
Were you nervous at all about the vaccines? Needles make me queasy. I've fainted a couple times giving blood and receiving vaccines.
So cute! I can relate to that on a fundamental level.
Very cool. My own father passed away a few years ago. I miss doing things with him. 
Aww man. Well be thankful it happened sooner than later.
That's great. I may have to try it out.
Neat! I am trying to find so good books to start reading.
Haha! It's good you could see the big picture in a stressful situation.
Yes it was
I agree with that one hundred percent. 
It's nice to reflect on the accomplishments of out loved ones.
You are so inspiring! Good for you!!
Well, that's frustrating. Hopefully next time she'll think more about how her actions affect you.
A special cake sounds wonderful, and you're welcome. 
Yes, that's my favorite team, too! Yay!
I know how that feels, and anyone who doesn't consider the safety of others isn't that great of a person.
Thanks, it's so true. I've moved around alot.
Wow that must have been very shocking. At least you can keep it to remember her by.
wow i hope it all works out soon
Why in the world did you do that? I hope they never find out...
That's very nice of you. The only downside I can think of is them doing a lot of pooping.
What a wonderful time for you and your friend! 
Wow, that does sound like a pretty good deal. Makes you wonder why it's so cheap.
Interesting! I've never hear their music before!
I can just imagine how you feel. It is so nice when our kids make us proud.
I am glad to hear that. It's so sweet that you were able to help her.
I have a feeling you got it. 
That's great! I hope things keep looking up for you!
Sounds like you had lots of great times together. You will have to remember those while you grieve. 
I'm glad to here that, I'm sure that moving forward after something as difficult as that is very emotionally difficult.
It's sweet that she was waiting up for you. 
Haha! That does sound like an amazing car!
Went through Irma last year. We sat it out too.
That's good, I know what it's like when you can't get a shift covered and your just understaffed and scrambling the whole day.
Absolutely. That's nice you two are close
Yes, I am. It's so nice to see our sons sacrifice for our country. But I think they do it more because they think they are protecting us. 
I can understand that. I would be extra careful if I was driving someone else's car...especially Benz!
oh i bet i would have been too
Awww, poor thing! I hope you find him!
If they would have had you on camera, they would have already come after you for it.  I wouldn't worry about it.
That takes some real hard work to fix something like that. I am sure it came in handy for cleaning up that stain.
It sounds like it turned out really great for you. Way to go!
Sounds just like my family. Caramel is so hard to get right on the first try!
Wow that's so sweet!!! I love that they didn't forget about you!
well thats not nice I hope she stars treating you better
i can imagine it. no matter how old and grown your son gets, he will always be your little boy
Mmmm...you are making my mouth water. Juicy fresh tomatoes are the best!
I'll bet you were. I'm so glad you had a happy ending!
Oh, that is very nice! I guess he doesn't do that often if you were blown away. Seems like he loves you very much. :)
Oh, sounds yummy! I love seafood. 
That's horrible.  I hope you and your family made it out okay!
That's pretty exciting! I hope it sparks a lot of new conversations for you both.
That is a scary situation! Glad that you are alright! Man you car though! What a nice car, it is such a shame.
I miss my father just the same, I suggest going and doing something you both enjoyed doing together. I find I feel closer to them in those moments, almost like we are still sharing them together.
What a great thing to have, I glad you're able to keep his memory alive like that. :)
I'm glad you guys found each other. He sounds like a nice guy.
Take a day and devote it just for the house. That's what I do. I always feel so much better the next day that's not on my back.
That's good. Hopefully your car got fixed as well. 
I envy you, wish I was there to have some with a cup of coffee
Aw that's too bad. Sorry to hear. I lost my debit once, I don't think I ever found mine either..
Everything will work out fine. Stay strong, you're going to find someone that completes you and you will see that it was for the better. 
That's really impressive, I'm glad he was able to keep living and supporting you.
Wow! You must be very smart. There's no way I'd be any good at bio-engineering.
Aw, that's so awesome! Congratulations! 
That's a good attitude. I wish you have better luck next time.
Hah! That is a long time! That's so exciting for you though. I hope wedding planning goes well and is super fun for you!
Hopefully he stays there and catches those rats!!!
Makes sense, it's hard to bring things like that up with friends, but if you explain your feelings to them, I'm sure they'll understand.
I'm sorry you had to go through that! I bet you find someone better for you anyway.
Ugh! It's cool that she got a double so you guys can sit next to eachother as well.
Wow, that's some high praise, I might just have to try it out myself!
Well I am glad you got a good score. And faith is not a bad thing.
yes.. only thing we should do is to be patience and the rest will be okay ..
well i had one that did that and he lived to 17 so there may still be hope
That's pretty cool. I hope you get to go back.
I am jealous.  I love being out in nature
Wow, that's quite a long life for a cat. I'm glad you got to enjoy so many years with Barney.
Well you did what you were supposed to do. It's their fault for saying what they said. 
Oh no! thats embarrassing. I hope everyone was too drunk to remember. lol
thats really sucks
Sorry to hear that.  That must have been tough at that age.
You shouldn't let one bad incident ruin water parks for you. You're probably the only one that remembers and still thinks about that incident.
I don't drink so have a drink for me lol.    
i will indeed. thank you. back at ya.
That's amazing. I bet you can barely contain yourself!
don't worry, I think everything will turn out right and your fears will disappear
I know, you just never know how she will handle a dangerous situation. I talk to mine all the time about things that could happen. 
wow, that is so nice. you both should be really happy
I hope I have that one day! I bet these next ten years are even better than your last.
I get that. My city is going through that right now too. I moved to the suburbs and love it so far.
16 hours, thats a long time
Wow, looks like you are extemely organized, no offense
Consider yourself very luck. A leopard never change his strips.
Sounds like you learned to knock on the door first lol.
I like rain myself. We've been getting a good amount here, during the past month or so. 
That's great, I imagine that you still missed your family while getting involved and having new experiences.
That made me laugh. And you are a great babysitter. 
I'm sorry. I hope you can work things out without too much drama.
I happy for you. Buying a new car is a big deal. 
Oh good. At least they were responsible enough to that with you. I'm glad your ok.
I try not to think to much about kitchen sanitation when I go out to eat. 
I hope it turns up, or is returned to you soon.
That's splendid and it should help you decide if you want an interior similar to hers or completely different in the future.
I'm sure. She was a very good singer. 
Ain't that the truth! Miss those days.
That's a present that you love and it can love you back. That's the best present. 
I don't I think could quit without the satisfaction of knowing how it ends.
That's awesome. I can't wait to experience it.
these months will fly by so fast
Hopefully legal drugs.  But either way I think you should tell him and give him his money. But you know your brother better than me. 
Oh a Christian University that is nice. Well I needed my drugs
Well that's good. Sounds like it all worked out pretty well.
That's really sweet. I bet your nervous though.
Ah, i see. I hope you end up going and find a way to enjoy yourself. Family is all that matters in the end. 
I'm glad things are on the right track.
That sounds way better than the stuff I would try to make for my mom when I was little!
i hope you have a good time
Thats so awesome! I want to get to that point some day.
That's fun. I just watched that move this weekend. I really enjoyed it.
Ok, well I hope it comes out ok for you.
That's cool. Guess all that hard work pays off!
That's good. I'm glad it wasn't something urgent and he got to finish in the garden. 
Lol, well thats rude! Hopefully you guys are better now!  Little grudges like that stink, I like to just put them behind me and move on.
That's sad, hopefully it finds its way home. 
probably bad meat
I hope you get the job!
oh i bet
Wow, thats no fun at all. I guess you could look at it as money saved.
that's incredibly thoughtful! 
Well that's nice of you. Ive always been a dog person myself.
Very cool. I'm looking forward to thanksgiving too. love turkey dinner.
oh, i can see why now youve had a change of heart about the car. thats awful
For sure. Not an avid listener, but definitely heard some of his stuff.
One thing I've learned is that it might be embarrassing for a couple minutes but most of the time, an hour later, nobody will remember what happened.
Oh awesome. I would have been nervous to if it was something I really wanted. glad you got the job.
That had to be traumatic. 
wow, lucky it got turned in with cash in it. Be more careful in the future! hah
Congrats!  That had to feel good!  Hopefully you're happy zipping around the roads now (and safe too)!
It is normal to feel nervous when working on something so important. I try to remember that it will soon be over. That helps me sleep. 
Rain can be such a damper. Make sure to be safe and carry around an umbrella if you go anywhere!
That sounds amazing!  I haven't played tabletops in forever.  The last one I played was called "Car Wars" and it was at a New Year's party.  It was loads of fun!
too bad about your car but the main thing is that you were not injured.
i hope he gets it
That's awesome! I bet you were glad those people came along.
Sounds like you will be well prepared.
Thankfully you had a sweater, but geez how embarrassing. 
That's when you say politely, I'll take the drink but not your number. Nothing to feel guilty about since you would be using your manners. 
It is so exciting to watch them grow up, I am sure it will be an emotional moment. But it will be a good one.
You made your coach proud and your family.
Four years is such a long time! Its always the quiet ones you have to look out for haha.
Oh yes enjoy the beautiful beaches and feel the sand between your toes,.
Oh wow! That's a big gift! I hope you receive it
I bet!  She's going to have so much fun
start planning now
Oh yeah! I hear you! A house full of kids is always crazy. Haha
i would have ran to my car! and hauled butt
I bet you did. Hopefully you can do something with her soon.
That has happened to me before too. The car started swaying side to side from the rear tires but I just took my foot off the gas and let the car do what it wanted until I was able to stop. So scary! I know how you feel.
Siblings! You love them but sometimes they can be such a pain!
yeah, i love my little fur baby too, thats really makes me sad to hear that
Okay well. I wish you all the best of luck.
Good for you! Animals need people like you! Very heroic! 
Awwww, I am sorry to hear that. That is a terrible thing to experience. I hope that you are ok.
It is such a good thing to have to have people around who helps.
I can understand that, Hope he was able to take care of it for you.
Ouch! You know that you can replace all those cards online now. A bit easier than it used to be.
Yeah i agree 100 percent.  Its not a good look to make someone look perfect when in reality nobody's perfect
Nice, sometimes a change of scenery is good. I need to move out of this crap state. 
Well you have to let them spread their wings at some point. :)
Honestly, worrying about that kind of thing is human. Literally everyone does it to some degree if they care about the other person, no matter how secure they say they are. So you're in good company!
Oh, you would have been so excited and then disappointed! I'm sorry!
Just sit him down and tell him.
The old tuna sandwich.
lol, i could imagine it to break the ice on your first day, you will always remember that day
What are brothers for, am I right? The absolute best response to something like that at least between siblings is just to get that sweet payback.
im sure it is, this is when you put all your hard work into play
It sounds like your dad really loves you! To gift you something like that. :)
It must have been very pretty and tasty.
Or how about on a tin roof? That is the ultimate relaxation.
I lent my credit card to my sister one time and it did not go well. She still owes me to this day.
Sure, vent whatever you need.
How wonderful. I hope you two have a great time together.
Good grades, good athletics, he sounds like a model kid! I hope when I have kids that they turn out to be successful like yours. :)
It's always nice to get unexpected good surprises.
That's such an unbelievably satisfying thing, isn't it? When you have JUST enough space to fit everything. I wish you the best of luck in Outdoorsman School. If I ever get lost in a National Park, I'm gonna be looking for you to come save me.
Yes you should be. Giving back to communities is very charitable.
I'm sorry! That would be unpleasant.
I hope so.  I always want to adopt all the dogs in shelters
I hope she didn't get in trouble for being short $20. 
I bet.  I can't imagine anyone would mind having a car like that!
I'm very happy for you, I'm going to visit my mom next month actually.
Nice! Well then I guess you don't have to be as worked about those meetings in the future then, huh? Piece of cake.
Oh man I super love mario kart!  I played it growing up a lot too.
I'm glad things have worked out for you.
I love eBay! I just found a doll that my daughter wanted for much cheaper than in the stores.
Oh, that is a bummer. Oh well, everyone is entitled to do what they want
Oh, well hamburgers aren't the healthiest things.
i imagine, all puppies are adorable and lovable
That's disgusting. I would never eat there again.
Congrats, they can really scare you at the doctotrs.
Oh that sucks! He doesn't sound like such a good friend I guess.
Oh no. I hope it wasn't something dangerous.
I'm glad it's not all different though. I'm sure the trainer will be really nice to train you because you sort of know what's going on, but just need a run down for the new responsibilities !
I think you did fine, even if you had to guess you probably made an educated guess, hopefully your subconscious remembered more. 
Uh, oh, I think you might have been in trouble the next day.
Split second decisions save lives 
I sold mine a long time ago and i regret it. :(
It's good that they were unsuccessful at least.
Oh nice! He sounds like a cool dude. haha
wow, she must be really good. to quit herself. 
Everyone feels that way when comparing themselves at those things. Except the pompous ones from school, those guys suck haha.
That is good. It sounds like you were able to be with her before she left. She is in a better place now.
WOW! That's incredible! What an awesome human being
Well I hope your wants come to fruition .
Ah screw them. Live your own lives. 
Well hopefully you can get together with them again soon. I know it stinks to get excited about plans and then have them fall through.
Sometimes our mothers forget, that you are adult and thats not her child.
OHH i thought you literally left her. Haha idk why.
It takes commitment and sacrifice, hell I'm proud of your brother too! 
Yeah, moving can be so stressful and expensive sometimes.
I have ran over animals as well. It is an unfortunate reality.
You are going to have such a great time and make memories you will cherish the rest of your life
I hate when that happens.
I can imagine! Watching games can get wild sometimes!
Wow.  That sounds like an interesting subject
I'm sure people looked away, it could have been them
O that is called a trust fall i think. it is used for team building
Perhaps he's a meth dealer.
That's what my friends told me when we moved to Colorado for school. Free couchrides for life.
i've heard that. i'd be coming north from Austin so easy enough to avoid cow smell :D
Congratulations and thats OK I do that a lot too.
Same. Sometimes they can be expensive as far as chemicals and maintenance.
You should celebrate with a drink or a nice dinner out maybe
It happens but im glad you got it fixed. hopfully no one notcied
Sometimes a party can be more fun.
Marketing is a rough business, but once you get your foot in the door, work hard , but dont let it consume your life.
It just seems like something could go wrong. You are a lot braver than me my firend
It's good that you are able to discipline your dog.
its natural to have those emotions
Well cherish them, and what they represent, and you will be awesome.
I feel a little bad for the cashier.
Sometimes it's good to reminisce.
My children are getting older
Lol i think thats the 21rst centurl. its funny back in the day they said don't get in strangers cars.
Neat! Did he find it while metal detecting? What a treasure that is! It had a double meaning to him!
Having someone like that to turn to in times of need can ease the burden.
That is nice.  Remembering childhood can be fun
All great stories. I want to visit the Globe Theater sometime in my life. 
wow. ha ha. It's been a long time since I haven't had sour patch. I used to have it, when I was a kid. You seem enjoying your life ha!
Ha ha, you poor thing. Hopefully you feel better soon!
They just talk these things to scare us. Don't be scared. I am sure you will be fine! I will pray for you!
Wow sorry to hear that. 
No, Where I live in Colorado , it would be the size of a match box for way too much money.
Oh. Well that makes sense,I supposed. Still sad. 
Yeah but it happens and you should both try to move forward
I think he might be the one for you!
Aww. I wonder how he died.. poor raccoon. Even if they are sneaky little creatures, it's pretty sad. 
I understand that.
That is sad. I hope everything turned out okay. 
It happens to everyone at some point, Ignore the jerks and know that they will forget about it for the next thing that comes along.
You did good! There is always a luck factor involved.
That's the worst. Where I live, there's insane traffic from 3 PM to 6 PM pretty much everyday! But people don't honk or yell, that's just being hostile!
Yeah i hope we dont get another one of those again
Tough love works sometimes.
Well maybe next year they will fix the issues the club had, and come back stronger.
Well if you are really worried maybe call the police and have them do a wellness check
sometimes it tastes better when it naughty
That's wonderful. I bet it feels great to have all your hard work finally pay off.
O man I still have my furby too! I love looking at my old toys
Hopefully they made a taping of it for you to have.
Oh my goodness for a lack of better terms! I would be no good after that
My dog would of looked around like, wasn't me daddy, i cross my paws.
Yeah but try to enjoy the journey that is the most important part
I hope its good news!
Oh boy, that's even worse than a spider! Run!
Well you should if it's weighing on you.
Oh that's so gross! I would have sent it back too
I am sure with that attitude that you will move up the ladder very soon, much luck.
Thats great I am sure you will achieve success there.
It's tough to lose someone you love. 
You'll always have those memories of you and him together to cherish!
Good for you! Get it done!
That is kinda odd but im glad you are happy!
I dont think I would have been brave enough to  do that
That sounds like it will be so fun! I bet you all have a fabulous time.
Can you go to the store and get some more before she notices? 
fat and sassy too
Yes I have been in that situation. Just stay positive.
Oh yikes that's awful
O no I hope you tried to stop him
Yeah that is usually how it goes
ah snap!
Sometimes its just a phase or maybe the group of people are not making an effort to make you feel included? I am sorry I know how that feels.
It's always a blessing to have certain times in life where no problems are occurring!
i bet you had no problems, dogs are easy to take care of, they blindly accept anything
Absolutely! Trusting your partner is so important.
I hope so too! Good luck. :D 
Absolutely couldnt agree more.
Oh my goodness, I can only imagine how horrible that was for you.
That is a victory! Those pesky parking tickets can be a pain sometimes!
Yeah that seems like the best thing to do
It's all about what you do with those bumps and just pushing through them I think.
that is good to hear,  there are always kind people out there to help
I can't imagine what you're going through. That must be extremely hard.
Yeah. Pushy salespeople are so annoying though! They accomplish the opposite of their goal when they become too overpowering over their customers.
Yeah i would not think about it to much.
I see! Well self-exploration and reflection is usually really productive!
Yeah i would have yelled at him
That sound like a very useful gift that you'll use a lot in the course of a day.
That is really cool, everyone should do something like that
my daughter just had her 2nd such happy
Well that sounds like fun to me.
Yeah i bet it was a long long drive
That's a great attitude to have! Positivity is always a great quality to have.
That's an incredible blessing that they love you. Some people have different opinions about that so your lucky you come rom a supportive family.
oh no, is there any way you can file a complaint against him? And it's the same guy?! So weird!!!
Yeah i know but atleast you have memories of him
That's hysterical!  It was definitely a unique prize then.
Aw, that's very sweet! I wish I was that close with my family.
thats sounds fun
Congratulations, that's great! Hopefully you like the work.
Interesting! I bet live actors really enhance the experience!
I'm sorry man. You can reach out to me anytime.
oh boy
I am sure it did and I know you will treasure that mug. Put it in a special safe place on display so you see it every day..
I'm sure that much be hard to stand by and watch as someone who works hard for their things. 
I bet going to one again brought back a bunch of wonderful memories.
thats great
I see. He should probably get that checked out by a doctor. It's best to check out these things I think.
Well maybe your boss was one of them and you get some brownie points for trying to get to work quickly
That is awesome! Im glad it worked out
Oh, that's exciting! There is nothing like relaxing on the porch in the evening. 
oh i bet
Do you have fond memories of it>
I wish your friends mom all the best. A miracle could happen!
Yeah it must have been!
Ouch! That sounds painful. You poor thing.
That's awful, I hope things get better for you.
Tell me.  I want to hear it.
Well that's great,  Someone you trust too.
Sometimes all we have is our memories.
Oh no.  That didn't go well then.  Look for a ring next time.
That's so sweet of you!
THat must be tough to deal with.  I cant imagine losing a parent!
Taht sounds lucrative! I have a place in Big sky MT. it worked out very wellas far as renting.
Ah-ha! Do you know anyone in your family who's good at bargaining? Maybe the sales-person is a hard-bargainer.
She totally knew! I guess it's flattering to know your partner is good looking enough to have a woman stare him down like that.
I usually deal with it by not going to the pound anymore to look.   I had a dog die in a house fire not long ago and I am just not ready for a dog.
Oh gosh. That's terrifying! I don't know anyone who likes those kind of movies!! 
Nice. I would like to do the same, but it is very expensive where I live. I hope I can afford it one day.
Omg! Europe is my absolute favorite place in the world. I recently came back from Italy and Greece 2 months ago and loved it!
Thank Jesus! lol I am glad you are OK.
Well I applaud your dedication and faithfulness in making sure you kept the promise, good job!
Good! I bet you got it down much faster after making a mistake.
I understand.My little brother did too.. I have the family and he has the career. We are 10 years apart, but he make a ton more money than, I do. Maybe you can get your brother to invest in homes, and you all start a business.
I understand the frustration a good garden takes time and patience, I have no doubt you will grow it back better than before
That's so cute! Turtles running around?! Haha!! I have a rabbit, he loves to hop around my house too!
Sounds like a good plan.  I hope it's simple and you can get it working again.
That's awesome, I'm from Kansas and first went to Colorado just a couple years ago. It was beautiful!
Wow it must have been good feeling
sorry. Probably the driver did not see her
all the best
i bet .Next time call the people in charge
Were you speeding? I would have been nervous too.
Thats worrying, she need help
That's good. you must have been surprised by the confession.
I hope you have as much fun as he does!
Well at least you were able to introduce him to your friend. I hope everything works out for him!
That stinks , cheer up and try again 
You should've made them buy another cake!
thats awesome, im glad they were helpful!
I'm so happy to hear that! Practice does make perfect.
Oh no! Well you better spend as much time with her as you can now. It could be any time she leaves. Oh what a heard situation you are going through! If you need a friend I am always here for you.
Yeah I can understand, it's definitely a pleasant surprise.
That's so true, life is very fragile and I find it easy to forget that.
Omg! Okay now I understand how difficult it really must be for you! 
I can just imagine, maybe she wanted a bath. Glad to know she wasn't harmed.
That's not very nice. I think it is just better to be honest, even if it might hurt.
You can always improve that anytime you want to.  I have faith in you.
I mean its pretty crappy to take anything from anyone, but hes your brother so it is slightly less crappy as long as you pay him back! 
Unfortunately he wins out when you do that because it will likely continue.  Again, I wish you had been treated so unkindly.
Yuck! You better put a trap up there. You know they have these wireless web cams these days for really cheap so it may be a good idea to get one of those so you know for sure if you have an infestation.
I am so sorry to hear about that. The good thing is she is okay
The more hands, the quicker the work!
That is great!  The longer you do it the easier it will get.  Keep up the good work!
It's hard to condense a pep talk into nice little one liners. But I think if you just go for it, breathe deeply a bunch, and pretend it's just you in that room, I think you'll do great!
that is the problem with cheating, you have to live with it especially if you have a conscious, all I can say is to use this promotion as a lesson to better prepare yourself next time
I get that. I don't respond well when people are rude to me.
Oops, sorry, I didn't finish my thought.  I think they make enough money to handle it and that inconvenience is worth $80.  Plus now you'll definitely buy again with them so I think it works in their favor and yours!
Now you just have to keep up that same energy all year, that's the difficult part.
Oh no!  Hopefully you have full coverage? 
Most places will make her replace the 10 so you should really go back to there and explain what happened
Awww well other than the heart attack giving sounds like a cute cat
I feel your pain. I hope you had someone to lean on.
That was the right thing to do. You respect your marriage.
That's great to hear. It sounds like it's a well needed change. Things will look up from here!
That's great.  Its good to have a friend you can trust that much.
I hope you make the right choice!
Maybe you should contact the news about it
Wow you should probably tell her so that lies and decent don't become commonplace in your marriage.
Yeah people like that are jerks
Ah. You must do it more often. Children are so precious.
Yeah, I wouldn't feel to good about myself either but at least no one got hurt including yourself.
I can understand why it would be a little nerve wracking but I am glad you caught up with him
that is sad that they cant atleast talk to you
Oops!  Well, just hold your head high because things happen to all of us and it doesn't speak to who you are as a person so just let it roll off your chest.  Shame that people are decent enough to help.
Just try to stay positive and get a good night's rest the night before and I'm sure you'll do amazing! Just have to go in with confidence.
We don't get them too often, here. Though there's usually a few tornadoes that touch down somewhere in the area, each year. 
Its always good to think about such moments, I wish I could go back to these times.
You must be so proud of him!
I know how you feel.  I've got old rifles from both of my grand fathers... along with some WW II bring backs.  I don't think I could sell them.
I had no idea snakes even lived that long. I am sure he was a faithful buddy to you.
Wow, love looking through memorable s. brings back good memories.
I wish I could say the same. I am addicted. :(
That must be somewhat frustrating at times.
I hope it starts to not hurt so much. I always take forever to stop hurting from those things.
Totally! I also have a very trusting family.
I guess they don't see it as just copy paper. To them stealing is stealing no matter how petty. At least you have the chance to change your ways and keep your job.
I am glad you have all the support you need. The important thing is your family is safe. 
I am so sorry.  That is awful. Definitely look into your rights as an accepted student who was counting on that and made all your plans around it.
oh my goodness. they got a taste of it and went to town. i'm so sorry.
That's awesome! I wish you all the luck, but I bet you won't even need it.
Oh know. I am sure your mother will forgive you. I was an accident and we all have accidents sometimes.
I love dogs! I am thinking of getting another one.
It must have been so aggravating. I hope the due date wasn't the next day! 
Waiting is the worst!  Well, whatever happens is meant to be.  I wish you luck and success with your house!
That's really great! Your kids will thank you for giving them that important lesson.
I'm sure it will!
Aw I am sure you will be good parent to all of them. Kids are the greatest joy in life.
That is so nice I wish I had a car like that.
I hope so too. Its really annoying when that happens and just ruins your day. 
I think you will do great!
hahaha I can imagine! I guess I would have done the same. I hope you got him back. Heehee
And you know when men get sick, they act like they are dying.
Wow, that stinks. Hopefully she will be there for you next time if you ever need help again. 
It must be very difficult for you. Do you have someone you can talk to about it? I find that remembering the good times helps you keep their memory alive.
That is wonderful. I will be spending time at home.
That's an interesting experience!
I'm sorry to hear that. 10 is still very young though so I hope you have plenty of more time to spend with her.
Ugh, well I hope the best for you, that it is all nice and intact when you get back.
Oh dear. Maybe you were just a bit impatient but I am sure he will forgive you 
Have fun spending it!
Looks like it was just an accident. It happens and you shouldn't blame yourself for it.
If you could speak with someone that work there you could learn more about what to expect and what things they value the most, but you certainly seem very prepared.
No, I'm not. I'm hopeful that the deniers will start to come to their senses and maybe we can slow the warming of the earth.
That is a long time to suffer. It seems like it is a new day for you.
I agree.  Be there no matter what.  I hope she heals quickly.  
That's awesome. That's a good amount for a little effort which is always nice. 
must be great to have that feeling of accomplishment and independent.
Ahhh, oh well. Don't beat yourself up. I am pretty sure that I have done something like that before too. I think it was with birthday cake. I love birthday cake!!!!!
It's a huge commitment for him and you! If you don't think you can do it, I wouldn't sign him up. There's no shame in that!
That must have made you feel pretty nostalgic!
That is just the worst feeling. Part of the reason I work from home
Well for your sake I hope it gets taken care of soon.
Did it start back up? Glad you were able to start over.
yes they deserve respect unless they do soemthing cruel.
That's very sad.  I'm sure he'll be back to visit.
lol, well hope she doesnt notice
I do too. Being a kid was so easy.
I used to love bonfires back in my day those were the days.
Wow I didn't know you could litter train rabbits. It's always challenging house training a new pet. I hope he learns quick!
I hate when I do that, but it is better for it to be cooked to long, than not long enough....
That is amazing. I hope I can get the family together soon.
You better prepare well for that final.
It sounds like it will, i hope you have  a great dinner!
That's a good thing to be financially prepared, trust me.  My husband and I spent most of the money we had on a honeymoon and then struggled for years doing things the wrong way. You're smart!
Good i bet you deserved it. :)
I would be upset too, they need to do their work properly.
Well I guess you should probably find a new job before quitting your present job.
I do not blame you one bit!
lucky you , i was bit a few times but it was my fault i provoked the dogs 
You should go in a play some!
That's good! At least it's someone you can trust instead of a stranger at a daycare center. 
That sounds so painful! I hope it gets better fast.
Ah.  I find a mock interview with a friend can help.
I am sure you will be OK. The doctors can be very scary sometimes but most people get scared about things that aren't worth it.
wow that is a long time, but remember you had great experience with her and will have fond memories for the rest of you life
I can't help but be a little jealous. haha
I can see how that would be really annoying. Just nod and say yeah. Thats what works for me.
That's great!  I'm sure he appreciated that you trusted him.
Now you will have to really be careful what you say around him. They tend to repeat everything they hear when you least suspect it.
I bet you are so happy you stuck with it.. definitely something to be proud of.
That is very thoughtful of you. You are a good sister!
Yeah, I think her parents or her peers, or even herself probably, may put  a lot of expectations on her. While you want to reassure and encourage her, it's good to not make her plan too far ahead in the future and put all that weight on her. It's what my parents did with me, and I resented them for it.
Yes what I thought,  I guess your roommate must have been more embarrassed.
At least now a ways you can face time or call her to at least stay in contact.
Me either. I've always been a fairly clean person. Had to move out of my parents home for college, and both roommates I've had have been kind of messy. I don't know how people don't feel weird and uncomfortable making other people live in/clean up their mess.
That is awesome, I remember Odell Beckham doing that a few years ago.
If your best friend is truly a best friend of yours, they won't leave you over this. It isn't right to tell his girlfriend in my opinion, but it is good if you speak to him about the situation.
It sounds like you have a great family!
Environmental Engineering - my second engineering degree
Wow! congrats and keep it up. I know it helps me to stay really busy.
Aw it must have felt so nostalgic going through old memories. Its nice to cherish them. 
Be sure to facetime or skype with him. That will help with the loneliness. 
This is such a difficult thing for you to go through.  I hope he learns from this and changes his path.
I understand. But you must cherish every moment because soon our babies grow up and become great adults.
I don't blame you, I wouldn't want to mess with that either. 
Oh, I see. Yeah, it kind of stinks being around people who can afford things you would like. But maybe you can view it as you being more mindful and responsible with your money.
Oh good, then there is nothing you should be worried about then. :) Go relax and distract your mind on something else. All will work out my friend.
Yup. I did that with my new cat and it ended up working out OK.
Sleep is so important before an exam, that's where all your facts and memories get better organized
im sorry. it eventually gets better though
wow thats awesome good for you
haha mine loves to just lay on me and get pets, hes so soft and cute
That actually got great reviews. I am sure you are going to love it!
Your next adventure will go much smoother. I once got a really bad rash in Hawaii when I visited.
I love california, I have some family in Sacramento! And I bet it feels great to be home after a long drive.
Thats the most important thing. I bet he wants you to move on and be happy.
Oh nice. Yea he would be happy to know you are wearing it now.\
I bet you were a little embarrassed. I wouldnt worry too much about it. Im sure it happens everyday. 
So fun.  Did you have your baby? Congratulations on your pregnancy!
Thats a great idea. That way your kids will get to experience such lovely moments as well.
It is a perfect leisure activity.
Yeah, that would have been an expensive accident! Your lucky. :)
Hmm.  Never heard of them.  I'll look them up and give them a listen!  Hope you have fun!!!
Thats good! Sadly thats tough to find these days.
Keep that attitude and you will go far!  
He is 2!
Those are nice cars! I hope you are able to get one!
That sounds terrible. I'm sorry I can't diagnose a car over the internet though. My first guess for that is usually the battery. Then things like the cables or the starter or fuses.
My mother-in-law has one, too.
i love birthday gathers
You deserve a large raise, health care is hard work!
Yea I agree. People can commit some really horrific crimes. It is scary.
I just haven't been feeling too great today. Maybe your right though an easy task might make me feel better and get a head start for tomorrow. 
ewwwww that's gross lol
I can understand the nerves, but it will be fun!
Well, I hope you did the right thing and correct their mistake.
We move our lives and schedules around to take care of our pets...the least the can do is do their work well.
I believe you will get it!
sound like it must be killing you on waiting for the release, before you know it. you'll be playing it a ton
And its only going to get better. The longer you go the more progress you will see. Good for you.
That stinks. I hope she feels better soon!
Ugh, I hope he's alright and it was nothing too bab.
Money can always come back but your health is the most important thing.
Just have a talk with her and apologize. I'm sure she'll understand. Addiction is a life long battle. It's never too late to jump back on the wagon.
Yeah that's what I would do!  Good luck, friend!
Lousy man! What can you do though...if you're a regular she'll understand when you bring her extra another time.
lol, the kid in you is always ready for Disneyland
Yeah it really can bring you down
I can imagine, i wouldnt have been at ease either.
I'm sorry, try to relax and have a good weekend. Know how fustrating that can be, hope there wasn't much damage.
Nice, make sure to soak it up.
I bet. you never know if they are the crazy type or just down on their luck.
It rotted in 8 days? I'm pretty embarrassed. 
Yeah, I had to tell them some might be on the chair.  It was crazy awful! Oh no, ha ha. sorry that happened.
I like to watch movies or read a good book when I feel lonely, to keep my mind busy 
Wow! That's insane! I'm sorry that you had that experience! Hopefully you didn't miss too many days of work. 
Yeah.  It's kind of old now.  Was a really good show for its time until the RANDY DAYS
My mom did too. Your mom sounds incredible.
Defenitly! I use to run track in high school and was active duty Army so running has always been a big part of my life.
I can understand that! I don't like clutter.
Two words of advice... baby gates :)
It'll be ok. As long as both of you guys are healthy.
Nice, you must be proud of him being your brother.
That is great.
Sounds like a dream for any animal lover! I am guessing you must be one as well!
Oh okay! Hopefully it isn't a constant problem, that would suck to loose your favourite resturant.
you can make new memories and your kids can fondly look back at them as you do to yours
You should just keep it for now. He may think that stuff is corny now, but later in life he will be glad you kept it.
Ooooo i understand why you did.
That's terrible. I hope you can get some compensation and feel better.
That's awesome, I hope it stays that way!
Yeah I haven't either.  I bet it's gonna be awesome.  Bring plenty of beer :D
Ew, yeah, definitely sounds like it needs a good cleansing!
Phone companies are notorious for this. I hope you are able to resolve.
It is definitely  a lot of work, but it is the best type of work I have ever done.
Ohh... hah, that makes more sense. Then he did his job well. Good on him. But more importantly, congratulations to you for graduating! I know the feeling.. I'm close to graduating myself, and I can already feel the excitement. I hope no one surprises me with a party though.. too shy of a nerd for that.
Oh, that happened WHILE you were still dating? Man.. good call. The nerve of some people, and how immature they can be. I don't get how that wouldn't make someone cringe.
I bet it is! and I am sure you ARE good enough. Plus the way I see it if one door shuts another opens you know? Keep your head up 
I completely understand. My little baby just went off to college and although I miss him terribly, I am also proud of him.
Wow!  That sounds like an amazing visit.  
i would be too!
Get the video, It is worth it!
I hope so, too. Meanwhile, you can just watch old movies.
Yeah, you should hide them at least!
That is awesome, hopefully yall can continue your relationship
Ha! When in doubt, just blame it on the microphone!
I bet, thats a great memory! lol
you made a wise choice, not only will you not get your t-shirt most likely they will steal your credit card information and use it
Wow, I hope he cleaned it up for you. I would be pissed hah I take coffee very serious.
Oh, right on. Do you guys not have school starting already though? Maybe you guys have kids that aren't school-aged. Anyway, I've only been a couple of times, to go to Disney World. Is that where you guys are going? If so, I hope you have a good time!
Dang that's creative!!
That sounds relaxing.
What a good Samaritan! Be careful next time and carry a phone with you just in case. 
Those are nice cars, but keep working, it will come in due time
That is actually not far! I can see what I am going to be doing over the holidays! 
I'm happy for you, I'm sure she feels the same about you!
That is great news, hopefully it goes well.
What an incredible stroke of luck! I hope he lets you check it out, really get your hands on it!
maybe i will check it out. i have heard good things about Branson
That is good then, I hope they can fix it for you!!
It seems like you know what to do to make it work.
I'm sorry. What has really helped my friend has been not keeping any snacks in the house and cutting out most bread. HE really struggles with bread and sugar though.
you shouldn't be, it just a material object that has no lasting meaning
it's ok to feel however you are feeling. it's normal. you never get over it, but you do learn to live with it.
Those must be great memories.
Prepare to spend hours on it, the directions are always bad.
Yes I did, I need to learn how to cook one by myself!
Oh wow that sounds exciting! I'm sure you'll do great, just express that passion!
Oh no, is he territorial? He will warm up eventually when he realizes the cat is a family member.
Rest in Power bubbles. You were, I'm sure, a hamster among hamsters.
I believe in you, just project yourself confidently!
You will learn with experience and I'm sure you will be a great driver!
Nice. I am sure it will taste great then.
Sometimes it's fun to look back.
I am sure you can find a friend to help out.
i dont blame you. that is a very annoying thing to have to deal with
That's understandable. I've always been too scared to go to a haunted house. I get spooked easily.
Wow were you ok? Lucky you didn't have to go to the hospital!
i agree, i just get on and close my eyes
Nice! I would love to go on trips except that my boss wouldn't like it if I did! 
I agree, thats why I always keep my old year books around when I feel like I need a break from the present.
In that case I'd say you very well deserve it! I hope you get it.
Ah yea now everyone is stuck staring at there phones.
You can also have some drinks too!
Ah I am also guilty of that one. I believe we all are in some ways.
I'm sorry to hear that, you must be so let down.
Aww that's a significant amount of time.
I hope your dog makes a full recovery!
It is great to be confident. I am sure you will knock the interview out of the park!
Yeah that's good that you're keeping a level head about it.  And realize that anything can happen at a moments notice.  I tend to appreciate what I have in my life as well.
Oh my gosh that sounds so awful. I'm sorry. Maybe you can try getting him into rehab, I hear it's hard for someone to stop once they start.
That sounds so troubling.  You should get on your brother's case.
Hopefully you can get through the rough patch in the interim. 
The most important thing is to realize you need improvement. Some people like to blame everything else but themself!
It's time to go online and buy some summer dresses for yourself. Explore your femininity, man. It's 2018. Anything goes. Bruce/Caitlyn Jenner, etc. Summer isn't over. Put those hairy legs on display and strut your stuff in those dresses. Get flowery ones, too!
Oh yeah, bad influences.  When I look at my student loan payments, I don't miss college.
I've heard of oral fixations before, but only in the context of like chewing fingernails and smoking cigarettes, etc. But I guess if I think about it, a lot of people chew fingernails, and I'm sure that's just as bad bacteria-wise. Maybe the booger eaters are on to something.
Good, I would avoid that airline too.
Well I hope everything turned out ok. Maybe you can send a friend to check your door.
Ah yes it has been a long time since that movie came out! It has some of the best CGI ever.
I hope so, they shouldnt be getting beat like that. 
I hope for your sake that you don't have to, either. But this doesn't have to define you. How you respond can, though. If you're mentally tough, it will be a bump in the road. I guess do whatever you can to maintain healthy focus.
Hahahaa that's funny. I am sure you can install a lick pretty easily if the door is wooden.
I am sorry, I am sure he is just being nice for the sake of not getting in trouble!
Oh yeah I know what you mean about hospitals. They are always so busy and you see lots of sick people.
You also need some good pickup lines.
Yikes, I hope they did not take that to heart too much...
Tell me more about it - maybe it will be something my girls will like also.
Nice, I love watching cute dogs doing cool things!
Oh wow, best of luck with that!
Sure, I wish there were more employees like you with such a strong work ethic.
Holy cow, congratualtions, that sure is smart of you!
I can't believe i made this much money with bitcoin.
You are completely fine needing some time. There is nothing fair about something that takes your best friend and turns them into a stranger. Be there with her, but you have to take time to recharge yourself. No one can be strong all the time.
Yea true and they used their back ups moostly. Foles is having a rough start.
Oh, gotcha. My mix-up. Driving and road trips can still be just as fun. Kinda stinks if you're the only one driving, but at least you can come up with games to play. Plus.. it's cheaper. that's always nice.
Yeah.  That sucks you guys are apart now :(    I'd love to do a mountain trip like that though.
oh, well it will come!
Humans can't help that. But its what makes us strive to be better!
They are, I hope yours behaves better in time
That is terrible, I hope things get better for you both
Yeah, the Foles injury is more worrying.
Well, if there's any way you can give them insight to what you're dealing with, so that they better understand, I would do it. My girlfriend spent 10 mins one day explaining to me what she dealt with, and it went a long way for me to not bother her as much about it
I understand that, that is a great move by you, do not get sucked in
He doesn't sound too reasonable if you ask me.
Of course, but it doesn't really matter what I say, or what I think. You already knew all that stuff anyway. Everyone has to have confidence in themselves. Someone else's confidence makes no difference. But as long as you're alive, you've got a chance.
Great then! You can ace any "hard" test as long as you put in the work and time! I hope you did well.
I agree with you. I cannot wait. It is such a fun time
That's awesome!!  I hope you have fun and be safe!
I can feel your frustration. 
It's always good to be nice and prepared for anything. Better safe than sorry they always say. Good for you.
Oh haha when you say pit bull i immediately think it could be a violent occurrence. I'm glad you are ok:)
Be a gentleman and you will be golden.
Yeah, thinking about old toys makes me somewhat sad.
Are you hoping to do the same thing???!
I don't blame you. 
Yeah I don't blame you.  Time to find some new friends!
I'm glad everything worked out for you!
Call me next time and I will go with you.
well id say no news is good news
Good job! There need to be more people like you in this world.
Too bad you don't have a pond you can throw it into.
it happens everywhere. some poeple are just too dense to realize . 
Oh gosh....that is embarrassing. Were you able to recover? lol
It's smart to play it safe. Sometimes we are unable to predict what other humans are capable of.
I'm glad he was there to protect you! Hopefully it doesn't happen again because that's very scary. 
Yeah, eggplant is pretty gross.
Going to the gym or taking up a hobby can make you feel more confident and motivated.
Wow! Sounds like he had a full life. You are a good pet owner.:)
Yeah I've always heard that about kiddos.  Congrats and good luck!  I'm sure you will be an awesome parent!! :D
In a way, it is actually just the beginning.
That is a sweet ride!
congratulations! parenting done right!
Yeah I bet.  I would be too.  How embarassing 
Haha i agree. Hopefully you can make it through it without too much anxiety.
oh god! make sure you post a lot of pictures and give updates on the taste! you must be so excited
that's good news indeed! i wish you the best and make sure you work hard! 
I wish everyone was that lucky.
Yeah, we all get jealous sometimes.
Nice. I wish i had more friends like you.
That is such a manly name if I ever heard one.
good vibes going out to your good boy
who needs a calculator with a brain like that ey? good job that's amazing news
That's just evil, no matter what the circumstances may be. I'd never do that.
I think as long as you go to a trustable place (not a grocery store-style sushi joint) that makes it fresh and right in front of you, you'll be less likely to get sick (I never have).
I wish summer would never end.
what the what? why it's not such a big deal, it happens everyday 
I am so sorry for your loss.
That's awesome that you have friends that will do that for you.
I have never spilled a hot drink on myself before. Weird how that happens.
Ugh that makes me so angry. I hope the police can help you out in some way.
That's nice. Congratulations on the gift. It's a useful one!
oh that's nothing! i thought it was something serious 
to be completely honest with you, i never played that game. but i hope it will come out soon!
i love playing basketball, especially cause i have the height advantage too 
that is so sad
That's great! I bet he had a lot of fun too!
eating outside every once in a while can always be needed to change your mood , glad you had fun!
you better be! i hope you learned your lesson though, we all make mistakes but we need to learn from them 
sounds like a fun time sports can get intense
Give it all of your best.
omg that sounds so adventurous, if i were you i'd ask them to take me where ever they are going, cause damn anything is better than this place were living ay? 
i know you are, and it takes a lot of practice to remove this feeling, but it's a bad feeling to have and you should look for other chances
That will be great. Soon we will be able to call you Attorney At Law. It's so exciting.
I don't like thinking about the past for that very reason.
you should be more confident in your abilities! i am sure you'll make an amazing bean dip
That is always so much fun, and the kids love having people there to watch them. 
best of luck to you! i hope everything goes well 
i am sorry again, what are you hoping to do now? 
hmmm but why did you go 1 mile over/
I'd definitely agree to that. Better times.
Wow, I just got the NES one.  They are so nostalgic.
even the smallest things can make the biggest different in the world! she is lucky to have a person like you
yes. the good ol days
I hope you ace that test!
oh damn, that's an embarrassing one, tired morning? it's fine these things happend
that sounds so fun !  love murder and comedy, sounds like you're going to have a blast
oh man, don't worry if you google free coupoins there are bunch! that's what i do
oh yes! the meg, my colleague from work was disapointed beyond repair, he was telling us all not to watch it, i guess in a sense i am lucky
I hope they are as well. I do love some fishing.
Oh no that is definitely something you don't want to be surprised by.
that's sad news, i am sorry for this news you must have been extra drained after coming back from work from that news
Oh okay, now I know.  Yeah that was tragic.
yea i know what you mean
That's good. I'm sorry that terrible thing happened to you.
i would be too!
it'll be fine. don't worry.
that must've been embarrassing. you should've went to the toilet.
thats a fuckin bummer, hope you left her
hopefully nothing too bad happened
Yes I would be too. I'd let my friend know that I don't appreciate being treated that way.
I think that would be the best option.  Nothing worse to be thirsty and have your taste buds set on something and it's not there.
That is indeed frustrating. A little appreciation and recognition is what they need to give you I think.
good thing you returned it! rare or whatever they call it meat is actually very dangerous for you espcially coming from a restaurant good thing you did that!
that is good to hear!
What kind is it?  I have a bad one too by the way.
Yeah!  When you win I get first crack at your autograph!
oh really? I just had some myself today, love sushi
It can always happen with pets and it is a drag to clean, I know. My dog has done it more than once.
im glad thats the case
ayyy that's a win isn't it? but still annoying but  at least you getting it for free now
where are you going? i haven't taken a vacation in a long time
it was so simple back then right? not having to worry about anything but enjoying life.
i know! they grow so fast and i didn't think i'd use that overly used word but god it's so true
It's a little funny
Definitely! Plus, gets some of the clutter out of your home, I guess to make room for more.
Sounds like you need a vacation
that doesn't make you a failure! you are doing more than enough and i'm pretty sure she appreciate every single thing you're doing for her.
That's awful.  I hate when that happens. 
don't worry, with people like this karma hits them very very hard, and they get what they deserve 
I hope they caught the person who almost hit you. That kind of incident can leave you traumatized for a long time.
thats a vivid description haha
wow! that is such a wonderful thing to do indeed! i am proud of you
Thanks! I appreciate it. I am really happy for you though! That's one of the best things to feel in life I am sure.
The only time I've seen one up close is when a professional was handling one.  I prefer to keep a distance.
well , glad it wasn't something important. it was just a cat. and you are safe. so that is great!
oh god yes, they grow so fast next thing you know she's taking care of you and you are all old haha it's so wonderful
that's so great! cONGRATS!
Right, well we can all get that way sometimes. I'd just tell your friend directly that you weren't feeling up to it.
sushi is the best
wow! that is next level smartness and thinking! good job
thats impressive good luck to her
CoD 4 comes out in about two weeks I think.
yeah its a tought thing to have to deal with
i agree everyone is just self-centered and it's very annoying to communicate with those people.
Just do your best you can, and that way you won't have any regrets no matter what the result is.
yea i know that feel its the same for me right now
Now you know who to call when you want to go away again.
That's even worse. Well I hope you at least got to ride it when she wasn't looking!
i just did last week actually
mind. blown. that sounds breath taking
oh god! just hand them what they want, it's not worth your life
not really but i can respect it
i know, there's nothing like true love .
How well? I'm proud of you for that my man.
that's so nice! good thing you do, we need more people like you, all these normies nowadays just sleeping around and only chasing after cannibalistic desires  
huh sounds quite intimate
I think you should look to join a club in school!
yes, i love when the water is flat and its just a glassy reflection. i also love when the water is rough and loug
that makes me so happy! you blessed my day! i can't wait to see my son do that too
You should try to reach out to them.
don't worry about it, maybe it was the teacher's fault . but since you're okay and everything is fine there's no point in worrying about it.
I am so sorry. I know right now your mind is spinning and everything is chaotic. You need to sit somewhere and let your mind settle down.
That's smart, I love a big turkey dinner the family will be pleased I bet.
that sounds like good money
You should consider trying to network though it's worth it.
thats nice of you
you could always try sushi bowls. 
it's okay! if you really want to do it you will do it strength isn't all physical your real strength is the will to do! if you have that, the 15 push ups can be turned to 100!
I know that feeling for sure. I freaked out because I could not remember how to use the brake. 
i know she is the one, we are identical in every way, i am the only person who understands her and she is the only one who understands me, we communicate about everything and we are both non normies!
it's insane how people can be so selfish once they see money, een your own father becomes a monster. don't let it bother you.
i know! my cats are a hell to take care of as well, one always poops in the kitchen while the other one chases off my pigeons, it's really annoying
yeah, i hope you be one of the good cops, not like the current ones
i miss waking up to my moms big breakfasts. i actually live a block away from her
I do love a good burrito, I should go check it out some time.
that's a lot of time. you could say he was part of your family. 
You are usually left with no other option.
yes i love that feeling
Well, I hope you feel better soon!
that does make sense
I don't really blame the driver. Plus, that's annoying delay in everybody's busy day.
I understand! I felt the same when my son left, it's seems so much less noise and talk.
don't worry all the friends are came to you be happy
its a sick sad world
Does it fit. Id just have them send me a new one when it comes back in stock. Its their mistake.
boo. poor pupper
Life gets us out of whack, don't feel bad. I'm sure you can pay for it next time.
That's so great!
that sounds like a lot of fun
You cant be serious.
Especially if it involves going to jail.
If you don't have any choice then I suggest you bring earplugs.
Well you can learn from it, and be better for it.
That must be quite exciting to drive around in those supercars!
Good luck
How does one prepare for a marathon? By running? 
More than anything?! More than cats?? You must really love her!
Nice, you must do whatever you want each day.
All you can do is do your best and whatever happens after that at least you will know that you gave it your all.
I understand. Those things happened.
I do love a good beach, I was just in the Philippines and they have some of the best beaches Ive ever seen.
Sorry about her death. At least you enjoyed your time with her.
Maybe your cat started a family somewhere in nature)
Maybe it will turn up, who knows.
That is one awesome car!  Don't be too jealous!  Just start saving your money!
Fanny packs for the win!
All you can do it work hard and try to make more money.
It is all in your head. What makes you think being tall is any funner? :)
Sure, it must be a real pain to be in your imaginary shoes.
Yeah that can be stressful.
I can imagine. That is really great that you are able to follow his advice and maybe each day will get a little bit better. Anxiety is the worst!
Hopefully you can save up and get a pair.
Patience paid off for you then hopefully.
We all go through tough times. It will work out for you in the end.
You are certainly brave my friend. I don't have the guts to ever do that! Be safe!
That makes sense!  I bet it didn't go as bad as you think!
Maybe you should child proof the house.
I liked going to Blockbuster picking out movies.
That is good, at least you were prepared.
Oh, I see, well that sounds better for sure. Good luck, and I hope you will get it.
Think of it this way. If you had waited, you wouldn't have been able to get the house. Dig in and fight too keep it.
Wow!  That does sound like a lot of misfortune!  Just try your best to think positive if you can.  You never know what the future has in store for you!
I bet. What color Ferrari do you have? Be careful not to drive to fast now
That sucks! He definitely appears he was trying to avoid you. Well one day he will need something and you can give him a taste of his own medicine. lol 
I understand. I hate when that happened.
You should be.  I am sure your family appreciates it as well!
I'm glad it's that way for you. My parents destroyed my life intentionally years ago.
Hahaha, nerds are cool these days, haven't you heard? Sounds like you are on the road to success!
Yes, that is not fun at all. I've been there and it's hard not to think about anything else. I really wish you the very best
That's so cool.  I think I would feel the same way, except I was dumb in my 20s and still have student debt!  lol
That is crazy!  There has to be an explaination!
I hope you can hang on for something better.
Im happy for you.
I lived in an apartment complex and there was a pool, so I loved swimming.
That makes you feel safe.
Yes, be safe my friend! I am sure you will because of your hands on experience with what you saw.
Maybe a different facility could help?  Addiction isn't something you can deal with by yourself. 
I understand.
Well, then it wasn't too bad.
Wow. Sorry to hear. I dont know too much about dementia. 
Oh well, just know that everybody in the world has fallen a few times. The most important thing is you just get up and keeping walking. :)
I'm happy for you.
Wow. It is a great raise. Your employer should have impressed by you.
Was he dead, or just injured badly? I wouldn't be sure what to really do either. 
It is good to have these kinds of keep sakes. Maybe the rings can even be used again in a family wedding.
Boston is a great place to visit, makes sure you have some chowdah  :)
Oh, what a bad pain to carry. I hope that you are happy though. Your parents will want you to always stay happy.They are in a better place now.
Oh, yuck! They will do that, but sure don't want puppy kisses later.
Yes, for sure! I always prefer repairs over replacement if possible.
True!
Oh yum!! That should grow nicely this time of year. You should definitely can all the extra tomatoes you get this year. It will be great in winter soups and stews. :)
Yeah, hopefully they have invented something that helps with the pain for the teething. Hopefully is is natural.
You'll earn it all back, don't worry. For next time, though, don't listen to people who know nothing.
Congrats! You trained for it so you deserved to win!
I bet that makes you so proud. Perhaps he'll become a professional soccer player one day!
Oh, well hopefully you learned some kind of lesson from this and it won't happen again.
Oh my gosh! What where they serving? That makes me feel sick for you. I hate being decieved!
He probably had no where to go important. He was just being rude.
sounds like its time to get out and start doing something to take your mind off from it. maybe fitness? 
I hate having debts. 
Count your lucky stars my friend! Bless you heart!
I hope you do as well, that will be a big step towards a great career.
That is very kind of you. There needs to be more people like you in the world!
I love it whern
Haha! Rollercoasters are an exhilarating experience! I love riding them at amusement parks.
I know someone else that happened to. I wouldn't take anymore chances either.
Enjoy the weekend as much as you can for me; I work all day today!
Smart move honestly, better to be with a larger group than to be alone. Glad you are ok. 
I have a few friends who are way better off than I am. It makes me a bit sad about my situation. 
Yeah all you can do is encourage and support him. I hope everything works out and that he becomes rich and famous someday! 
Yeah it really is. We just slap everything on our computer or online these days. It's just not the same.
Oh no that's awful! I hadn't realized it was carpet. As a clumsy person, that could've definitely been me in your situation so I get it.
Children are so amazing, and life changing. I hope your sister is ready for all the challenges that awake her.
Well that sounds terrible. It is time to burn your house down and start a new life elsewhere.
That's a good way of seeing it I suppose.
i can imaging the anticipation, but before you know it, you'll be on the beach
Oh definitely! I hope your shopping day exceeds your expectations!
You have a secret spot for your headphones. Are they super expensive? 
My dad and uncle actually went camping down there. You go with a guide and you set up camp in a few different places.
It sounds like the job is a great fit for you. I really hope you get it.
I'm so sorry to hear that. Hopefully your niece feels better now and hasn't lost too much.
That must have been terrifying. I am glad that you are okay.
I hope they at least gave you your money back.
Good point!
That doesn't sound fair at all, I wonder why she did that.
That's understandable, there's just no way to be sure what a stranger's intentions are.
And you're building trust with your dog as well! It's a win-win. :)
I'd say ignore them as best as you can. It's normal for kids to do these kind of things!
That sounds like a great experience
Ah. There you go so you were worried about nothing. I am glad that all was well.
Gosh, I couldn't afford to do that! It's far cheaper for me to cook up a big pot of stew or something and freeze it for busy days.
It's weird the way some things from our past seem so timeless. It's nice you had a good experience seeing your school. 
That sucks. I would be disappointed also. Hopefully yall can make some time soon to get together.
I hope you do get the job, you deserve it!
but as time passes you will find another and be cheerful as ever.
I am so jealous of you then ha
I hope you do get that perfect score, you deserve it after all!
I would go atleast you would get cake
My daughter wants an iguana. I am scared of animals 
Oh that is terrible, cashiers should have more patience.
Maybe you could make it up to him. I'm sure he'll get over it though. 
Well, at least you gave him something. He could buy a burger at McDonald's
Well I hope she is able to attend, if not, you know it's nothing personal!
Oh I believe you. Typically those type of people aren't people you can reason with.
I look forward to that when I have a kid
That's nice. I wish my brothers did that for me.
Ohh fun, I love the artistic nature of some. My daughter just got a tattoo in honor of me.
That is true. We dont get a lot of snow here. I dont think anyone knows how to deal with it
Wow, that is unfortunate, I hope you are okay financially...
Thats not ok I have been in that situation before and have made my girlfriend a card, wrote her a poem something. 
That must have made you feel angry. I am sorry that happened to you but please forgive him.
That sounds really deep and dramatic, I think I would like that one. You might like books like "The Deep End of the Ocean" also.
Where I live, it was really nice too. There was a cool breeze and no mosquitoes out.
That sounds creepy, I would have to start keeping protection with me just in case.
I'm sorry to hear that. I'm sure you will find someone who feels the same about you.
Its okay, I have good memories
yeah,well i am not a reader but i love to play video games so much 
Did you ask him about it, or did he make a big change to high school. Sometimes a big change or just burn out can kick in.
I am with you on that one
Well I hope it isnt too expensive. Maybe it will be a smaller issue.
I'm sure you did. Think positive!
That's terrible. I'm so sorry. You'll never forget him.
I am so sorry. I hope you can make friends, try to join some sort of activities to meet people.
I see, well then I'm sorry that worked out wrong for you.
I got you, well I hope that you get to that position at some point soon!
And sometimes it has to do with race, it is really a sad situation.
Damn that sucks.  Well at least you can get a fresh pair
I know. I have a friend who has both arms covered.
That sounds so good
Its nice to be alone sometimes
I hope he is okay. 
Those are pretty nice trucks ;/
I might need to apply then!
It happens to the best of us. At least you were able to get more since it was a buffet.
There are still some nice people left.
Ill keep my fingers crossed for you.
That sounds so fun
Oh man, I think your mother regretted that after knowing she almost hurt her family. That is quite awful to think about.
Wow that's pretty aweseome...you must have put in a lot of hard work to earn it
I suppose that is true to an extent, that makes sense
i bet you will make a great bartender, maybe one of these days you will hook me up with a free drink
That's very sweet of you.  She's going to need her friends to help her through this!
That is absolutely amazing! Lucky you
I remember my dad watching football so much as a kid. I used to get so bored.
I am sorry, I would cuss too if it happened to me
It sounds like you and your father got along well, and that isn't always the case in families. I'm happy to hear that.
You did the right thing. I wouldn't have been able to stop thinking about it.
Ah, so you are now a loner, you should try to make friends.
 yeah I got to a few places like that
That will be fun.
I'm glad you worked it out!
That's great. It sound like it's really working out for you. 
That is worse. I would have been so jealous and annoyed.
Maybe you can get a tutor this time.
You can if you want
I hope your date goes well!  Stay optimistic and positive!
Duh! You better, I do hope you have a whale of a time. I would be elated.
That was probably a good idea
I can understand that. But its still really funny. My husband is the one to get more embarrassed over things like that.
I hope I can be a mom someday!
Well I hope it works out for you!
Everyone needs close friends to talk to and hangout with.
You should put a camera there. You can see it from your phone.
Good for you. I hope you get a good start.
Aweomse, always great to see people forming new relationships.
Aww I'm sorry you didn't like it. Roller coasters can be pretty scary, even for people like me who enjoy them.
Yeah that is really not ok
Well that is great. I think people get upset over other people actions when it comes to facebook.
I heard that was going around.
Awesome. I'm sure you'll do well then.
Make sure you take lots of pictures and prepare for the weather.
I imagine,  I am easily scared with these kind of movies, so I don't watch them much.
Nice, you're never too old to go trick or treating haha
Great!  A new look can certainly help feel refreshed, at leas it does it for me.
I hope you have a great time!
Yes, i have that one friend and you don't want to give up on him. I hope he gets it together soon
That's great. Do they offer dental and vision
I can just imagine, make sure you take lots of pictures and dress for the weather. It will be hot. 
You are lucky to have a nice dad.
Oh, well I hope it works out well for you!
I hope all your family was doing well.
Yes, as a wife and mother, I know I usually look to my husband for guidance and strength in situations like that!
That's the beauty of it, I feel motivated now so I need to keep an eye out on my local job market.
It can be infuriating.  For example, over a 3 year period in my own state, there was about ~20 million dollars worth of food stamps spent in major vacation hot spots (florida, hawaii, california, virgin islands)
Or it could be you and a dope house party
You're welcome! you have your whole life ahead of you, you are a star.
I hope they don't do it on purpose to annoy you!
I hate that people do things like that.
I get that, I will pray for her, best of luck friend
True, if one is not happy about something the best thing is to switch things up.
Do you have any other pets
That is great, you are very lucky and blessed!
I would maybe hit him or get revenge at least
Ok, sorry I didn't know.  I hope the play better next time!
I think bad reviews are important though. A lot of people use those to determine where they go for service. You may save someone else the trouble you have.
It will be good to catch up with them!  Family is all that matters.
Sweet. I hope to meet you on the battlefield someday!
I didnt even know there was a dove season. I actually never even went camping before
That is awesome, I am glad you have that type of relationship!
I hope you enjoy your card very much!
Well, it has been for three years so that's a great sign!
Well I hope for you that one day you can. Maybe retirement! Man, that would be amazing.
If all people do is pray, then certainly nothing will change. It's time to start acting instead of wishing for things to change if we want to our children and grandchildren to see a future.
Aww well do what you think is best
it is. just wait until he says "dada" you will melt lol
Oh I've seen that, it is not too bad! I had fun watching it.
I thought they were so much better that nsync too lol
no need to go that far, just make sure your friend has not seen the movie before and go out and enjoy it.
that is true, that is lame though
That's good to hear.  
You must be proud of her. That is great.
Ouch! I hope he was okay!
Yes I know what you mean,  That has happened to me too.
THe nostalgia must have been so good!
What a wonderful daughter you have. She has a very good heart. You've obviously been an excellent parent!
I hope you do, too. I will definitely throw in a prayer or two that you do!
Nice. I love finding old stuff from my childhood.
Man.. I'm glad you're not my roommate.
Dang, it must have been embarrassing 
My youngests are 3 and 4 now. Those days are gone
That is true,  but you will meet new people and learn a lot!
How cool! Congrats again on your new addition, I'll keep you in my thoughts and pray you get some sleep in the next 12 months haha
That is good positive reinforcement!  Congrats to your kid!
Okay, I understand. I am thinking of watching it.
That sounds awful!
Well I wish you the best of luck.  If you're hardworking then you'll make it
I have been in the past.  Right now I'm part time with some work at home/stuff.  So yeah I do remember liking not having a boss the most!
That's right, you do. I have a hard time doing that myself and should realize I deserve it as well too.
That's good.  It could have been a lot worse!
How old is your kid
Gotcha.  I make sure to call my mom at least twice a week, I'm 26 and I've got my own apartment as well
So far so good, just trying to stay cool. Good conversations are helping.
Oh yes, you can relax a bit and pay some bills.
People hate on Brady cuz he's been gold since day 1.  But the Eagles came ready on defense that's for sure
I do, I have been trying to bulkup, I am 6'4 190 and need some more on my frame
Hopefully he got the point and wont ask again.
We are living in a cruel world, I am just happy that you are fine.
Ahhh! Well at least you found out it was just user error and not that he was actually better than you!
If they don't, that's their loss. My family are so important to me - I love them dearly. The same goes for my close friends. Don't listen to other people - they're the ones missing out!
I hope you guys have fun
I know one has to earn trust.
wow, that is huge, they must have abosrbed kids from another duck or something
It is a very long process, but it is true that time does help a tiny bit.
I know the feeling. Its hard to work when you are hungry.
Haha. well at least you treated yourself now you are broke.
 I bet it is, i am afraid of water, I cannot swim so i know for a fact I would not be trying that. I hope you have fun.
Just hold on a little longer!  You will feel better when he gets back!
I am sure they will have a great time
So you really surprised yourself. I guess you studied hard.
Just keep a budget and stay strict. It will gradually get better.
I like animated movies. I have lots of kids lol
Nice I'm in TX and my fam's in MN.  I try to visit them at least once a year
Amazing, you must feel really proud!
Good luck! I am sure it will be fine.
That cat will love you forever!
Hahaha you are going to scream, I hope you dont puke. It should be fun though.
That is good to hear. I hope he lives a good life.
That sounds grand :) it's a deal I am rooting for you.
Wow that must have been a while back...do you still keep in touch with these friends
I hope you find out soon.
Oh no.  Poor thing!  Hope you are hanging in there.
Yes, curling up in bed with those things can relax you like nothing else!
I hope everything goes great and you get your new home!
He really is a talented player, I must admit.
You must have been proud.  But she wouldn't be there if you didn't persistently push her to do her best
Yeah, I know exactly what you mean. 
I think they would lie sooner if they could.  My kid told me flat out that her brother did something when it was impossible that he could've so I knew instantly.  Its humorous while they're young watching them get into such a deep hole.
I know that is hard, but it's alright if you do it for the right reasons.  You all will be able to laugh about it when it's all over.  Have fun!
That's pretty interesting. Well, I hope you get that all sorted out!
I completely understand. Your parents sound like great people.
Well you can start slowly, I'm sure you will find your motivation again
Thats a neat way to decide on a name. We picked our kids names months in advance. Luckily their names fit them well. 
Reminds me of that Eddie Murphy movie!
Or he's looking for his soulmate
It's the best,  but it is hard to give up the delicious fried meats, though.  
I bet you and your date were shaken up!
I am so sorry that happened to you! 
I'm sorry.  Make sure to reach out to her and tell her how you feel.  If she's a good friend, she'll understand and make an effort to make time for you but don't let it make you bitter.
That is so awful.  I imagine you won't feel safe again until you get the alarm.  You can also get a big dog to help you keep safe.
It seems your daughter may over exaggerate things a little bit.
Well maybe you can tell your friend and ask him/her to forgive you.
Sounds like a great plan. Good luck!
Keep it up. Failure is for dweebs.
That is great that your wife took such great care of you!   I hope you are now feeling completely recovered.
I can understand your feelings; but I suspect you made the right decision.  Maybe it is something you can talk with your friend about.  A good friend will understand.
You should look for camera in the area, they could help you catch the perp.
That is great.  I wish you the best of luck!
What kind of tricks did he do
It's great that you're so positive about life.
Oh, sounds very romantic! Have fun my friend!
Well if you do decide to go through with it, I wish you the best and quick healing!
That's really nice! I hope you recover really quick!
I'm sure you'll do well.
Oh yes don't forget the sun block. Very important! Well I hope you all have fun out there! I am jealous!
Lesson learned, that's for sure
Better not go on any planes!
Yea...sometimes gym managers tend not to be there which is a pain. I hope it works out for you, though!
Yes I believe it is better.  I hope your friend understand.
Well, that sounds admirable.  Focusing on making money so you can be independent.  
haha oh man did the owner get mad...or did he just laugh it off
Can fat really turn into muscles? Asking for myself? lol 
I'm more of a Honda guy tbh.  My Civic lasted me a 21hr nonstop drive from MN to South TX and she still runs good as new
That is true!  way to look at the bright side!
That is the important thing,  I always keep reminding myself to focus while driving too.
Someone needs to invent a time machine!
i wouldn't eat until 11 am and then stop eating by 9pm
Hey, don't worry about what other people think! As long as you have a safe roof over your head and your family is happy, that's all that matters!
That is definitely scary.  I don't understand why people want to steal from others.  Get a dang job!
I'm sure you are going to do great.  I really hope you do get a better paying job as a result.  Good luck!
Sorry you missed the concert. That is a bummer! But it came with some perks I guess. You met a girl!
Yes I am sure that have make you or will make you in the future a wonderful parent too!
Me too! I'm not sure what you might be going through but do consider making sure youre eating a good amount of fruits and veggies. Herbs too, they're all healing and helpful to the body.
So much winning, but with coffee it never gets old
That must've been funny
Well that's good, at least he didn't do it on purpose. Otherwise I would have found a way to get back at him. Maybe laxatives to make him REALLY go!
I can imagine. Now you have to get planning the wedding. Should be fun
Maybe you should talk with him and let him know how serious of an issue it is to you.
You did the right thing. You should always stay ready for a disaster.
Nice, I bet you can't wait to graduate.
Yes, the US takes advantage of the need for education. I hope you find a job you love, and don't forget that they have lots of payment options.
Wow.... I certainly hope so.
Ah, so he had ulterior motives and wanted the chores done! Just kidding. Glad you're feeling better.
That is so great! Its good to know that there are still good people in this world
Well, you did say it was one you really wanted. How nice of him to do that for you.
That would be the best birthday present ever! I know he'll make every effort possible to be with you.
They have all kinds of treatments for cancer now. He should have a fighting chance.
Oh that is a nice surprise. I bet you caught up with each other.
Who knows, that's a waste of a good sandwich though!
I understand. Hopefully he fixes it for you.
Well that's understandable. Hope you had a great party afterwards!
It would make me feel amazing to see their face!
It is paying off. That is such a fun age.
I hope things look better. My friend dealt with a similar issue
Definitely. It will probably be tougher on you than him. Here's to a wonderful first day of preschool for both of you!
That must be so difficult. I hope all turns out well.
You must be very proud. Cant wait to see what he does next.
I have never had that happen to me
Good, I bet you were mad. At least they made it right though.
You must find joy in your life - something you are passionate about
Hope everything goes as planned!
I feel so sorry for you. I love my pets too.
Oh sounds nice. Hopefully he doesn't have any accidents in it.
that sounds amazing! check out the french quarter while you are there.
That is awesome. I love all the food and time off.
That is great that you are there to help him out!
gross, i don't blame you, public restrooms are always disgusting
That will be nice to have some time to catch up. Have fun!
That's debatable!
That's great. You have quite the household it seems!
I hope not. I have a feeling things will get better
Good, I would have too!
Good luck! don't be nervous. I'm sure you'll knock it out of the park!
I'm so sorry. My sister was in the very same situation as you and I can tell you, she made it through and her daughter is 9 now.  She kept taking a day at a time and working hard and went back to school to become a nurse. You can do it to. Find some true friends who will support you no matter what. 
Just have faith, I am sure it will all turn out!
I love the guitar, too! That's marvelous
Ohhh,  so how is she now? 
It's already yours, hopefully! If not, that means there's something out there better for you.:)
Oh thank goodness! I hate hearing people losing their pets.
I hope you have a splendid time! That might be great
That is a unique name, I have 3 sons myself.
Mine did that, too. We had to replace the motion sensor.
that's great! my kids played baseball
Omg! That really is the best birthday present ever!
I bet your employer still knows how much you have put in
I am glad you are getting to see them!
Welcome, and yeah I always disliked mowing the lawn!
I'm glad you have a great family!
Wow that is a long move!
Yes there are. Can't trust anyone these days.
I think I heard about them in the news.
It really is. Getting older is not fun.
I agree. I avoid going to stores during busy times because I just cant handle being around so many people.
Lol i am sorry about that! hopefully you can get it out
Right? Get out of the way!
Hmmm... Not as interesting
Well I'm glad to hear you have a clean bill of health!
Yeah, as long as you have a car you are better than most people
Well hopefully something else will come up for you!
That is so exciting.. enjoy this time with him.
Yeah, I enjoy cooking but it can be so time consuming.
Maybe you should cut his brakes
Oh my goodness!  That is so awesome.  I would love to be able to do something like that.
I didnt know that. I guess not.
what happened afterwards 
Oh my! That is horrible!
That is the truth, no shame in his game.
That is awesome, good luck
I don't blame you! Get them all!
Well I wish both of you years of happiness together!
It happens, I'm sure they don't blame you!
I wonder if there is anything you can do about that.
Man there are some crappy people in the world
I enjoy fried rice! I hope she wasn't too upset.
Haha yeah I guess you can't really return it at that point
Me either. It breaks my heart. 
Awesome, I hope you have a great time at the concert. 
Is the interview soon? Good luck.
That's awesome, glad he's able to hand it down to the next generation
That is what is most important!
Right, it's hard to imagine there was a time before you when you're little
If you put forth the effort im sure you will
Yes you will! That's a great attitude
Wow that's even funnier... But even more unfortunate
That is rough. I am glad you made it through.
Good luck! I'm sure you'll ace it!
Right, taste good too
I wish my company would allow me to do that.
That is good, they are hard to find
She must be a party animal.
sheesh what a bummer!
It sounds like you had a good time though.
Wow, I got a ticket the other day going 70 in a 55. I was late for work
I'm sure it'll go swimmingly
Who is your team.
That is good, i hope it stays that way
I agree! They look cool and are fun to play in the mud with
Macho man lol 
I see, yeah sometimes you just gotta lead by example
Exactly, it doesnt happen very often 
I like soccer
oh then that makes sense. good thing they were willing to help
Nice, hope it goes well
Its been a while since I've seen someone drunk
I would be a little spooked out by being alone
Yeah they are, but so good
Little bugger, maybe next time
I watched parts of it too. I didnt think it was that great either.
Oh that is really neat! i hope they like it
Sometimes you got to setp in and say something though when you know something is not right.
Lol that happens to the best of us, dont feel bad
That is still not bad!
Wow!  That seems worth it!!!!  Wish it had happened to me! ha ha.  Hope you're healthy still and congratulations!
Oh ok that is very nice of you 
That sounds pretty awful. no thanks.
Lol. I am guilty of hiding a couple of snacks for myself at times, nothing wrong with that
That is insane, i hope everything works out!
This just happened?  Oh boy!  maybe you can replace it before she gets up.
Make sure the consultant doesn't try to rip you off either haha.
It is a difficult subject no doubt
That's good news. I bet it was fun!
Go for it! You'll only regret the pizzas you don't eat!
True, driving takes more focus than a lot of people can handle
don't worry
You should make it up to that person.
I'd probably have done the exact same thing - then called for my husband or one of my daughters to kill it!!
I'm so sorry!  I know how hard it is to lose a pet!  I hope you are not sad for too long.  It sounds like you did everything you could to give it a great life. 
And they're all you got in the end!
I dont blame you, i would have been terrified 
That must be a cool bar to let pets in.
Just leave the house and have someone trash it for you.
Than I completely understand that would be so hard
That's awesome, hope he goes far
Oh I hope you punched him back.
That is terrible
i miss them as well
Oh they're in your bubble. that stinks, some people are weird like that, no bounderies.
I can appreciate why they'd say that. They just want you to feel better. But it's all about to how you're feeling. You'll know in your gut when to get another pet, if you ever want to get another one. It's important to take the time to reflect on your lost relationship.
Right, that's something you can at least have full control over. Your own humble abode.
I'm so sorry to hear that. Some people are just cruel to others that are not within their social circle.
I know right. Some people are too lazy.
Thank you! I hope to feel that content someday!
I suppose so. I've never gravitated towards them. They seem like they only have one personality, and they're either nice or mean, and never warm up to you over time. So, I was a little wary of that.
For real? haha good job!
i agree totally, it takes a strong person to admit they are like that
Oh no. That is no good! It is hard to sit back and watch someone have a drug problem
You are a good friend though. I wish i had more friends like you.
Better to rest so you can do everything you want tomorrow!
That is how I feel about it. I love my country.
I was joking. I havent a curfew since I was 17. Im an only child so wouldnt know much about favorites.
That is not ok I would make go to a higher up
Right! It's like some kind of spiritual bond I think. It's a wonderful love to have!
Right, change is often difficuly
Yeah i know i dont get why people are that way
I really hope you get it. Just stay confident.
Holy moly ravioli. 27 million? You are rolling in the money.
That happened to me a few weeks ago. I was severely dehydrated and I fainted. I hit the ground hard.
Did they take your television? 
Sometimes life does have away with getting away from us
Cherish those moments
What type of candy was it? I like Sour Patch and chocolates.
I say go for it
I see, I hope it goes well for you!
Yeah it always foes in the end
I am so sorry to hear that!
Maybe he should take up knitting--or something else that would be a bit more quiet.
Ah that is disgusting!
Dang that is pretty scary though.
Well if you have never gotten blind drunk and strip naked, you haven't lived.
Wow that sounds like fun.I love canoeing!
Hope everything works out for you!
That's amazing, keep up the good work!
Sometimes compromises have to be made. But I have to say, I'm impressed that you were that self-aware about the entire process, especially as a somewhat new adult. Good for you for considering all the options and making the choice you felt was best. You sound like you'll be successful after college, especially because of how hard-working you are.
I completely understand that. Its a good quality to have and is actually healthier in the long run if you keep your surroundings clean.
Good thinking.  Sounds like you should get yourself a new house
I completely agree. Unfortunately we also have to clean up the mess made by our parent generation.. you know like climate change exists! 
Heh. Thats really cool. I need to take self defense classes.
I hope it tasted good!
Probably from the crazy weather change. I hope they figure out what is causing the cough
I am sure he will be fine
That is a good thing ha
It seems that a decent one is several hundred dollars.  I just don't have that kind of money.
I know quite a few people that live their lives that way. I can see some of the reasons why a person would think that -- but it's still difficult when it comes to the health of someone you love.
I see, dont worry though. Nowadays everyone finds an excuse to grab their pitchfork and point it at someone.   
Hell yea you sound like a genuine guy/girl. You know what is important, you will do fine.
I see. Well, what's most important is your reaction and feelings around the situation, and what you plan to do about it. The only one that can affect the outcome is you. It's disappointing to deal with your uncle's negativity, but you can't let it distract you from moving in a positive direction.
I hope they do too! I'm happy for you
Right, it's amazing how one thing can bring back so many memories
That is a really great thing to hear. I hope you can find some way to pay back his kindness.
yeah im not sure i could every take that job
Oh, so you got involved? Were you trying to protect the kid? If so, I can understand that, and that's noble. Hopefully nothing too negative came from the situation.
That's good, at least he learned from that. I hope you guys are going strong now!
Lol. Sometimes we got to do what we gotta do
Well dang that is awesome man, hopefully you can save up for your own lambo.
Well that's great of her, we've all done stuff.
At least they asked you, that's good. It will pass in no time and you'll be hanging soon I'm sure,
It is, glad you could figure out that she's not right to have in your life
Ahh, that's too bad. Just make sure to take responsibility and be very sorry for your actions, maybe it won't be so bad.
I am sorry to hear that, well maybe when you retire!
That sounds good!
Yes and hopefully no one was hurt. 
Haha I wouldn't either if I had a Porsche....sounds like you need some kind of bomb shelter emergency parking
I am glad for you then
Luckily it is in the past, and I am sure no one remembers it!
I'm happy he's able to support his family through his work. I hope he enjoys it!
Yeah, I would have done the some.  Hopefully that never happens to you again.
Hahaha, me too, it's such a time sink. This week when it was down for a couple hours I really felt like I had nothing else to browse.
Yikes! My old Ford Focus had a similar issue. It turned out to be really bad alignment and ended up putting a hole in our front tire. 
That's so lame, you should maybe tell your boss about it though.
Is the kid ok?  He won't have his license for a few more years probably now.
Thats alright. As long as you two are happy with each other, thats the most important thing!
Seems like you have a trustworthy friend for life! I hope you cherish this friendship.
Just remember, it is probably a female mosquito.  They are the ones interested in your blood.  Not the males.  
Good job for realizing that because such people are a bad influence. Join some outdoor or interest clubs and you might just find new friends. 
Yea i would be too! That is a horrible person.
Aww thank you, means a lot! 
Right, but deep down I'm sure you know that you don't need a relationship to feel content!
Wow, that is a wonderful keepsake from him. I bet you really cherish it.
Those were good years for sure
I'm sorry! Take the time to grieve and be there for your friend.
I saw it, and it was a good  movie, i dont usually watch marvel films
You should try engaging in a hobby to divert your mind, and when you're ready, adopt a puppy from your local shelter. 
I bet... that's a lot of weekends and late evenings practicing and honing your skills. I'm sure it's a lot of positive intangibles developed that you will reap the awards from later on in life.
I agree, now you will financially and physically secure. All the stress of not having insurance is far too much given our healthcare costs.
Might be time to just stop letting him use your stuff, unfortunately.
That is for sure! Someone must really like you!
I am sure it is. Just need to give him time and support right now. 
That should motivate him to keep up the good work!
I understand
Hope you're enjoying it!
That's really good then. I'm sure it will help you financially
I hope it all went well for you.
I've played Monopoly before, of course. I wonder why that's the game everyone's played during their childhood... But yeah, Risk I've never played, dunno why. Maybe you should grab one and get some friends or family involved, for old time's sake.
That is great well know you know what not to do on a plane lol
oh i cot ya. i am glad you have your stuff.
I live right by that one!
Oh I see, that is to be expected. At least you still have the gear!
Thats great! Glad it worked out for you and your dog was safe! I hear so many bad stories about people loosing pets.
OK now I'm curious...what the hell did you do
I am glad that it is finally paying off! Keep it up because independence is the sweetest thing. 
I hope everything works out for you 
I am so sorry for your loss, within time you will heal. Just try to cherish the memories that you was left with, Think about all the good times
The things they do make no sense.  Kid logic!
I see, if you're in college, try talking to your Resident Advisor about it. 
You could get a nice dinner with that. Have fun.
Hope everything works out for you!
I get that, but all seasons are good, you miss the ones that it is not
No, I'm sure I'm a bit older than you.
i thin yyouca you just have to believe in yursef
I get that, too bad we cannot refund movies
He must be for his children to seem him as an inspiration! 
Man, i am so sorry, i could not imagine.
I think you should keep them instead of throwing them away.
I hope it wasn't too painful for him and he disinfected and bandaged that wound up.
That's weird. I am happy you have your possesions.
I bet she is! I am so glad you get to see her. Mom's are awesome!
That's horrible, i am sorry!
I am glad to hear that.  I hope it keeps staying that way
Yup, but what I don't like about that age is having to stay up all night!
Awe. Ya it doesn't take much to get attached to something that you are nursing back to health
That is so cool! We adopted a cat from a shelter and he is the best cat!
What an angel! I'm looking forward to starting my own family too.
Ewww. Adults should know better than that. I think I would have been grossed out
Memories are the most precious thing we can have in life I think.
That's great that you two reconnected like it! I'm happy for you.
Dang that is unfortunate!
Dang.  I bet you're gonna have some good times together!
Oh gosh, i think it was just a tree falling i bet.
Definitely, it's good to work for a company that does that too
You'll be fine, next time just look and see how clean their bathrooms are, it gives you a good idea how their kitchens are!
Sounds like heaven! I am also looking forward to them too.
The LSAT is no joke. He must have studied very hard.
You will do great, just stay confident!
Age doesn't amtter, show him you are ready.
It's okay, you got out fine this time!
Oh yeah, that really is a waste of time
Thats good.  Stay confident and let things happen naturally!
Good to hear, glad you guys are happy!
I'm sorry to hear that! haha guess he's not invited next time!
Our imperfections help us stay unique! Do worry yourself with that, there are so many other things that can get us down and worry us! Just keep being awesome!
Well, it's good to have you join the workforce in society. You seem like a positive person who can contribute well. Hopefully you find a passion that utilizes your hard-earned degree.
Yes, he needs a firm hand to lead the way out of this kind of behaviours. You need to step up and introduce some strict schedules so he won't have time to do anything bad. 
Yeah, gotta be careful one day you might hurt yourself pretty bad
Dang, that must look great!
That is great congrat!
Gotcha..hope that didn't ruin your whole day
Nice, I never understood why that's embarassing haha
Oh wow I'm sorry! That's not cool, they would be hurt if people were laughing at them
That is horrible! I bet a little part of you was scared
It sounds like it!
I have a few. It really does help when times are not so great.
Now you can carry on that tradition.
Same here and next thing you know it's a blizzard.
Wow! What a great surprise! You should thank the person that planned it!
I am happy for you! 
I see, think of it as having a conversation with a friend. It will make it easier! 
They are, but if you save up a little at a time, it won't be that bad!
So cute! Take a lot of photos so he'll be able to see them in the future!
I'm sure you will! Maybe start with a simple roll like the california roll or ask the waitress for recomendations. 
Lol. Oh. Coasters are fun. Very exciting!
Well good.  Hopefully you got your food re-made though.  
Oh OK, hopefully you have some friends you can bring over and share your traditions.
Absolutely. I'm the kind of person that can be around for people a little bit, but get drained by them. I think that's getting more and more common for others. Could you tell me what kind of animals you have real quick!
I hope they both keep the love for reading and writing!
Oh great! That's sooner than in my company.  I know you'll get one. Just keep working hard and good luck!
Maybe you'll never see her again! 
Yes, and you will succeed eventually. 
Oh no. Thats terrible. 
I hope your insurance does too! Just take care of youself and I hope you feel better soon!
Well, luckily Google is so helpful these days. There's tons of templates out there. It's kind of annoying to deal with, especially because it's being motivated by your company possibly disappearing.. but it won't take long at all to craft a good one, especially because oftentimes the shorter they are, the better
That is great.
It is scary to think about, I hope for the best!
that is a cool job
Sounds like a great trip. I hope you guys have a fun time.
It's just a way to calm the body and the mind.  It is SO easy to fall into the trap of anxiety.  But falling there doesn't accomplish a thing.  Take a breath, focus on one small success, then move to the next.  
Sometimes jealousy can become us. But most times it does not pay to be that way, cause 9 times out of 10 those kind of people is just living off credit so technically it is not something they own out right
I see, hope she is able to understand!
Way to go! That is a great accomplishment!
Aww that's great! I have two dogs, they become part of the family! Enjoy your new house :)
Well that is a good reason. You are blessed.
Sell the house!
Hope you're all right!
That is great.
Ahh yes, that's very nice too, good for her! You guys have a happy marriage.
I can relate, I get red face when ever I have to come infront of the class to present. 
Just one ticket, that sounds lonely for him.
California is fun to visit as well! Glad you all had fun.
yeah my mom did that for me a few years back
Well it's not a huge deal in the grand scheme of the universe! I am sure it will be fine.
Wow. That is really horrible. I am so sorry that happened to you. 
That's the spirit. It's good that you don't take yourself too seriously. Heck, my roommate walked in on me doing some "self-pleasure" just yesterday.. I used to think that was my worst nightmare, but in the moment I just did my best to laugh it off so we could move forward faster
Mine hadn't been replaced in 6 years, I found that out after the fact. 
Confidence is key, it's honestly what upper management looks for not necessarily technical skills right off the bat...just like Leo DiCaprio in "Catch Me if You Can" haha
Yes, they should really learn to concentrate on their own life instead of complaining about other people.
That would have scared me. At least it wasnt an intruder.
yeah same but it can be fun
Me too, that would be terrible.
If you need to you can always take it again. Good luck!
Omg that is so scary, I am so sorry to hear that. 
What a wonderful memory.  
That is awesome!!!! Congratulations!
