I already wrote that a person is open to the world. In this he differs from animals, which are not open to the world, but are tied to the environment specific to each species. This environment contains what corresponds to the set of instincts inherent in this species. On the contrary, human existence is characterized by overcoming the boundaries of the habitat of the species Homo sapiens. A person strives and goes beyond its limits, into the world, and really reaches it - a world filled with other people and communication with them, meanings and their realization.
This position is fundamentally opposed to those theories of motivation, which are based on the principle of homeostasis. These theories portray a person as if he were a closed system. According to these theories, a person is mainly concerned with maintaining or restoring internal balance, for which he, in turn, needs tension reduction. Ultimately, this is precisely what is seen as the goal of fulfilling drives and satisfying needs. As Charlotte Buehler rightly noted, “from the very first formulations of the principle of pleasure in Freud and up to the newest versions of stress relief and the principle of homeostasis, the invariable ultimate goal of all activity throughout the life of an individual was to restore his inner balance.” The principle of pleasure serves the principle of homeostasis; in turn, the principle of reality serves the pleasure principle. According to Freud, the purpose of the reality principle is to provide pleasure, albeit delayed.
Von Bertalanffy was able to show that even in biology it is no longer possible to rely on the principle of homeostasis. Goldstein, relying on materials from the study of brain pathology, presented confirmation of his thesis that the desire for homeostasis is not a characteristic of a normal organism, but a sign of pathology. Only in case of illness does the body seek to avoid stress in any way. In psychology, Olpert opposed the theory of homeostasis, pointing out that she "failed to understand the nature of true attraction", a characteristic feature of which "is its resistance to equilibrium: stress is not reduced, but maintained." Thus, the principle of homeostasis cannot serve as a sufficient basis for explanations of human behavior. In particular, this approach turns out to be blind to such human phenomena as creativity, striving for values ​​and meaning.
As for the pleasure principle, I will go even further in my criticism. It is my belief that the pleasure principle ultimately destroys itself. The more a person strives for pleasure, the more he moves away from the goal. In other words, the very "pursuit of happiness" interferes with happiness. This self-destructive property of the desire for pleasure underlies many sexual neuroses. Over and over again, the psychiatrist has to observe how both orgasm and potency are violated when they turn into a goal. This is especially the case when, as is often the case, excessive desire is combined with excessive attention. Hyperintention and hyperreflexia, as I call them, are more likely to generate neurotic patterns of behavior.
Normally, pleasure is never the goal of human endeavor. It is and should remain the result, or rather, a side effect of achieving the goal. Achieving a goal creates a reason for happiness. In other words, if there is a reason for happiness, happiness flows out of it automatically and spontaneously. And so there is no need to strive for happiness, there is no need to worry about it, if we have a reason for it.
Moreover, you cannot strive for it. To the extent that a person makes happiness the object of his aspirations, he inevitably makes it the object of his attention. But by doing so he loses sight of the reasons for happiness, and happiness slips away.
The emphasis that Freudian psychology places on the pleasure principle can be compared with the emphasis that Adlerian psychology places on the need for social position. And this desire, however, also turns out to be self-destructive, since a person who expresses and manifests his need for social status will sooner or later be deprived of it and dismissed as a careerist.
One experience from my own experience can help illustrate this point. If any of my twenty-three books were successful, it was the one I originally intended to publish anonymously. It was only after the completion of the manuscript that my friends persuaded me to allow the publisher to put my name on the title page. Is it not surprising that this particular book, which I wrote with the conviction that it would not bring, could not bring me success and fame, it was this book that was really successful. Let this serve as an illustration and edification for young authors to listen to their scientific or literary conscience and not think about success. Success and happiness should come on their own, and the less you think about them, the more likely it is. Ultimately, the need for a social position or the desire for power, on the one hand, and the principle of pleasure, or, as it might be called, the desire for pleasure, on the other hand, are only derivatives of the primary, main interest of man - his desire to the meaning. This is one of the three basic concepts that logotherapy is built on. What I call the pursuit of meaning can be defined as the basic human desire to find and realize meaning and purpose.
For what reason, then, do I call the drive for power and the drive for pleasure merely derivatives of the drive for meaning? Simply enjoyment, not being the goal of human aspirations, is really a consequence of the realization of meaning. And power, not being an end in itself, really acts as a means of achieving this goal: for a person to carry through his life his striving for meaning, a necessary prerequisite for this, generally speaking, is a certain degree of power, for example, financial capabilities. Only if the initial striving for the realization of meaning is frustrated, a person is either content with power, or aims at pleasure.
Both happiness and success are only surrogates of fulfillment, therefore the pleasure principle, as well as the desire for power, are only derivatives of the desire for meaning. Since their development is based on a neurotic distortion of primary human motivation, it is understandable that the founders of the classical schools of psychotherapy, who had to deal with neurotics, created their theories of motivation, taking as a basis those typically neurotic aspirations that they observed in their patients.
Thus, the hypertrophied desire for pleasure can be traced back to its source - the frustration of another, more fundamental motive. I would like to illustrate this with an anecdote. A man meets his family doctor on the street. "How do you do, Mr. Jones?" the doctor asks. "What did you say?" "How are you?" the doctor asks again. "You see," the man replies, "I started to hear worse." "You probably drink too much," the doctor tells him. "Stop drinking and you will hear better again." A few months later, they meet again. "How do you do, Mr. Jones?" "Don't shout, Doctor. I can hear quite well." - "So you stopped drinking?" - "Yes, doctor, quit." A few months later, they meet for the third time. The doctor is forced to raise his voice again to be heard. "So you started drinking again?" he asks his client. "Listen, doctor," he replies. "At first I drank and my hearing deteriorated. Then I stopped drinking and began to hear better. But what I heard was worse than whiskey."
The man was frustrated with what he heard, and so he started drinking again. Since what he heard did not give him reason to be happy, he began to strive for happiness as such. Happiness was the result of the fact that, in a biochemical way, with the help of alcohol, he took pleasure. As we know, pleasure cannot be achieved by directly striving for it. But, as we can see, it may well be obtained by biochemical means. Having no grounds for pleasure, a person creates for himself a reason, the consequence of which it appears. What is the difference between cause and ground? The foundation is always of a psychological or noological nature. The reason, on the contrary, is always something biological or physiological. When you cut onions, you have no reason to cry; nevertheless, your tears have a reason. If you were desperate, you would have reason to cry. Another example: if a climber, having climbed to a height of ten thousand feet, feels depressed, this feeling can have either a reason or a cause. If he knows that he is poorly equipped or insufficiently prepared, his anxiety is justified. But it is possible that it has only a cause - a lack of oxygen.
Let us now return to the idea of ​​striving for meaning. This position is in many ways similar to the idea of ​​basic trends according to Charlotte Buehler. Self-actualization is not the ultimate destiny of a person. This is not even his primary aspiration. If we turn self-actualization into an end in itself, it will come into conflict with the self-transcendence of human existence. Like happiness, self-actualization is only a result, a consequence of the realization of meaning. Only to the extent that a person manages to realize the meaning that he finds in the external world, he realizes himself. If he intends to actualize himself instead of realizing the meaning, the meaning of self-actualization is immediately lost.
I would say that self-actualization is an unintended consequence of the intentionality of a person's life. No one could express this more succinctly than the great philosopher Karl Jaspers, who said: "A person becomes what he is, thanks to the work that he makes his own."
My assertion that a person loses the meaning of his self-actualization if he strives for it fits perfectly with the point of view of Maslow himself, since he recognizes that "the work of self-actualization" can be done best "through passion for meaningful work" In my opinion, excessive preoccupation with self-actualization may be due to the frustration of striving for meaning. Just as a boomerang returns to the hunter who threw it only if he missed the target, so a person returns to himself and turns his thoughts to self-actualization only if he missed his vocation ... Which is true in relation to pleasure and fortunately, holds true for the extreme experiences described by Maslow. They, too, are and should remain only effects. You shouldn't strive for them either. Maslow himself would agree with this statement, since he himself noted that "the hunt for ultimate experiences is a bit like the hunt for happiness." Obviously, when dealing with similar forms of experience, and not with their different content, we thereby necessarily exclude from consideration the self-transcendence of human existence. However, according to Allport, "at any moment, a person's consciousness is governed by a certain intention." He relies on the position of Brentano that "any mental phenomenon is characterized by meaningful reference, focus on the object." From this we can see how important it is in psychology to consider the phenomenon "in contexts", in particular, to consider such phenomena as pleasure, happiness, ultimate experiences, in the general context of their respective objects, that is, with the grounds that a person has for happiness, and with the grounds that he has in order to experience pleasure and ultimate experience. Rejection, exclusion from consideration of those objects with which these experiences relate, inevitably leads to the impoverishment of psychology. That is why human behavior cannot be fully understood in terms of the hypothesis that a person strives for pleasure and happiness, regardless of what causes them. Such a theory of motivation puts on the same level completely different reasons, since they lead to the same consequences. In reality, a person is driven not by pleasure and happiness as such, but rather by what gives rise to them, be the realization of personal meaning or communication with another person. This also applies to fellowship with God. This explains the skepticism that we must maintain with respect to those varieties of extreme experiences that are caused by LSD or other types of intoxication. If spiritual reasons are replaced by chemical causes, then the consequences are only artifacts. The straight path ends in a dead end.
Health and conscience also belong to the group of those phenomena that can only be a consequence of something, but not the object of aspirations. If we want to have a clear conscience, this means our uncertainty that we have it. This circumstance turns us into Pharisees. And if we make health our main concern, it means that we are sick. We have become hypochondriacs. Speaking about self-destruction, which lies in the desire for pleasure, happiness, self-actualization, extreme experiences, health and a clear conscience, I involuntarily remembered the story of how the Lord invited Solomon to express any of his wishes. After some thought, Solomon said that he would like to become a wise judge of his people. Then the Lord said: "Well, Solomon, I will fulfill your desire and make you the wisest person who ever lived. But since you did not think about long life, health, wealth and power, I will give them to you in addition to the fact that you asked, and I will make you not only the wisest of men, but also the most powerful king who ever lived. " Thus, Solomon received exactly those gifts that he did not specifically seek to receive.
In principle, A. Ungersma's assertion that the Freudian principle of pleasure is the leading principle of the behavior of a small child, the Adler principle of power-adolescence, and the pursuit of meaning is the leading principle of behavior of a mature personality of an adult, is justified. “Thus,” he notes, “the development of the three Viennese psychotherapeutic schools can be viewed as a reflection of the ontogenetic development of the individual from childhood to maturity.” I said that a person is not interested in pleasure and happiness as such, but in the reasons that generate them. This is most evident in a situation of unhappiness. Imagine that a person experiencing the death of a loved one or loved one is being offered sedative pills that can bring relief from a depression. Apart from cases of neurotic escapism, we can be sure that he will refuse to get rid of his grief in this way. He will say that this cannot change anything, that it is impossible to revive someone who is no longer there. In other words, the basis for depression will remain. If he is not a neurotic, then it is the reason, the cause of his depression, that worries him, and not depression as such. He is realistic enough to understand that closing his eyes to any event does not mean destroying the event itself. And, I think, a scientist should be at least as realistic as an ordinary person, and study human behavior in the context of his object relatedness.
Empirical confirmation of the concept of the pursuit of meaning is provided by Crumbot and Maholick. But if one did not agree with the principle of homeostasis, presenting primary human urge in terms of drives would be simply an imprecise description of the true state of affairs. An unbiased observation of what happens in a person when he is directed towards some meaning will reveal to us the fundamental difference between attraction to something, on the one hand, and striving, on the other. Direct life experience tells us that drives push a person, and the meaning attracts him, which means that it is always in his will to decide whether he wants to realize this meaning or not. Thus, making sense always involves making a decision.
So, I'm talking about the pursuit of meaning to prevent misinterpretation in terms of meaning drive. My use of this term is in no way influenced by voluntarism. Roll-lo May Charlotte Buhler. Today people are relieved of stress. They owe this, first of all, to the loss of meaning, which I describe as an existential vacuum, or frustration of striving for meaning.
In the introduction to materials published by the University of Georgia, Becky Leat asks the question: “How do Freud or Adler respond to today's young generation? We have contraceptives that free us from the possible consequences of sexual self-realization - today there is no reason to be frustrated and depressed. And we have gained power - look at how keenly American politicians listen to the mood of the masses of people under 25, or look at the Chinese Red Guard.On the other hand, Frankl says that people today live in an existential vacuum and this existential vacuum manifests itself mainly in a sense of boredom. Boredom - is that familiar? How many people do you know complaining of boredom - even though we got everything we could, including Freudian sex and Adler's power? Asks why? Maybe Frankl knows the answer. "
Of course, he has no answer. After all, it is not the task of logotherapy to provide answers. Its real role is rather that of a catalyst. A young American wrote to me about this from Vietnam: "I did not find an answer to my questions in your philosophy, but you re-launched the mechanism of my introspection."
To what extent does education maintain an existential vacuum and promote a lack of tension? Education that is based on homeostatic theory is guided by the principle that young people should be as little as possible. It is true that young people should not be overly demanding. We must, however, bear in mind that, at least today, in an age of abundance, most people suffer not from excess but from lack of demands. A consumer society is a society with reduced requirements, which deprives people of stress.
People without tension tend to create it, and this can take on either healthy or unhealthy forms. As for healthy forms, I see the function of sport precisely in allowing people to realize their need for tension, voluntarily presenting to themselves the demands that they are deprived of by an undemanding society. Moreover, sport, it seems to me, includes a certain amount of asceticism. Thus, there is no reason, together with the German sociologist Arnold Gehlen.With regard to unhealthy forms of creating tension, in particular, young people, one can turn to the type of people who are called beatniks and hooligans. These people risk their lives in the same way as those who are addicted to surfing and for this purpose drop out of school and skip classes, as on the west coast of the United States. It goes without saying that I am referring here only to those who are really addicted to these things. People who are addicted to LSD take it for the same purpose - to get high or to shake things up. In England "fashion" and "rockers" are at war with each other. In Oslo, former vandals are successfully fighting against vandalism. Every night, a dozen volunteers, ages fourteen to eighteen, guard the pool at Frogner Park and ride city trams to prevent cuts in the seats. More than half of them are former hooligans. "Being on the side of the law," says the corresponding report, "turns out to be just as exciting for them as being against it." In other words, they were looking for excitement and tension, the tension that society deprived them of.
The education system avoids confronting young people with ideals and values. They stay away from them. There is one feature of American culture that strikes a European. I mean the panic fear of being authoritarian, even directive. This trait may be associated with puritanism - moral and ethical authoritarianism and totalitarianism. The fear of confronting young people with ideals and values ​​can be a reactive education.
The massive panic fear that meaning and purpose might be imposed on us has turned into idiosyncratic ideals and values. Thus, the child was thrown out with the water, and ideals and values ​​were generally banished. Only recently is L.J. West, Head of the Department of Psychiatry, Neurology, and Behavioral Sciences, Oklahoma State University School of Medicine. Contrary to the theory of homeostasis, tension is not something to be unconditionally avoided, and inner harmony, peace of mind is not something to be unconditionally acknowledged. A healthy dose of tension, such as that generated by meaning that needs to be realized, is an essential attribute of humanity and is essential for mental well-being. First of all, a person needs the tension that is created by his direction.
Freud I would like to refer to the events that took place last year at the UC Berkeley camp. When pickets began there, the number of patients admitted to the psychiatric ward of the student clinic plummeted. And it jumped again as soon as the picketing was over. For several months, students found meaning in the free speech movement.
Since we are talking about freedom, I will tell you about one incident that happened to me when I was lecturing at one of the American universities. The famous American psychoanalyst, commenting on my speech, said that he had just returned from Moscow. He found that neuroses were less common there than in the United States. He also added that this can be explained by the fact that in communist countries, in his opinion, people are more often faced with the need to perform a certain task. "This speaks in favor of your theory," he concluded, "that meaning and action are important factors in mental health."
A year later, Polish psychiatrists asked me to give them a speech on logotherapy. In my report, I quoted this American psychoanalyst. "You have fewer neuroses than Americans," I told them, "because you have more to do." They smiled contentedly. "But don't forget," I added, "that Americans also have the freedom to choose their own affairs, a freedom that I sometimes think you are denied." They stopped smiling.
How wonderful it would be to synthesize East and West, to unite business and freedom. Then freedom could be fully developed. So far, this is a mostly negative concept that requires a positive addition. This positive complement is responsibility. Responsibility is intentionally related to two things: with the meaning for the implementation of which we are responsible, and with those to whom we are responsible. Therefore, a healthy spirit of democracy will look one-sided if understood as freedom without responsibility. Freedom, if its realization is not associated with responsibility, threatens to degenerate into simple arbitrariness. I like to say that the Statue of Liberty on the east coast of the United States should be complemented by a statue of responsibility on the west coast. Potentialism and Kaleidoscopism
Let us fix the thesis: only existence that transcends itself, only human being that transcends itself into the "world" in "which" it "exists" can realize itself, while, making itself and, accordingly, self-realization as its intention, it only loses himself.
Realization of oneself actually comes down, ultimately, to the realization of one's own capabilities. Is it really the case that man is meant for this? Does its existence consist in the realization of the possibilities inherent in the person himself, or is it still in what we talked about earlier: in the realization of the possibilities of the meaning existing in the world, the possibilities that await a person who is able to realize them?
Let's do it simply: starting from the precedent in which a certain position on this issue was expressively expressed and after that remained in history, starting from the historical precedent of Socrates, we ask ourselves: who would he become if all the potentialities dormant in him really found their realization? Socrates himself did not hide the fact that, along with other opportunities, the possibility of becoming a criminal was laid in him. What does this mean? The fact that the point is not in the implementation of any opportunities, but, on the contrary, in the implementation of the need, the only thing that is needed at the moment. The point is to strive every time not for the possible, but for the due.
Here, however, we are faced with the main subject of our consideration. After all, this real problem is pushed aside and even glossed over by those who all the time talk only about the realization of opportunities - potentialists, as they could be called. The true problem was, is, and remains the problem of values, and we cannot avoid facing a value issue by deciding which of the existing possibilities is worthy of realization, which of the existing possibilities is at the same time a necessity. Faced with this question of values, we are thus faced with the problem of our responsibility.
What could be the motive of the desire to evade, to escape from the question of values, which was discussed above, the desire inherent in, in particular, potentialism? After all, such escapism is fraught with illness.
Charlotte Buhler also noted: "When it is said that" each of us should only become who he really is "(Rollo May), it sounds as simple as if it were taken for granted." We want to add that this sounds not only simple, but also pleasant. After all, if you convince me that I already am (and always have been) who I should become, then I am freed from the burden of choice, I get rid of the need to decide each time which of the possibilities I should reject, leaving them unrealized, and which ones should I immortalize by implementing them.
Opportunities that exist are always transitory. Once realized, however, they were already realized once and for all, and although they are already in the past, they are thereby saved, saved from decay, from disappearance, they have found refuge in the past. They are not irretrievably lost in it, but, on the contrary, are reliably hidden. After all, what once happened cannot be canceled, cannot be removed from the past. Isn't it just the opposite - it is placed in the past? This imposes, deeply and completely, the stamp of responsibility on human existence. We see that to the burden of choice that accompanies any decision to choose the only necessity among a number of possibilities, one more thing is added - the oppression of time.
The burden of choice - moreover, under the yoke of time - prompts a person to, following the example of potentialism, put the ought on a par with the possible, equate the former with the latter, and ultimately eliminate the tension between what is and what is due. In fact, a person obeys this very law of equilibrium, which is characteristic, as you know, for neuroses (and only for neuroses).
Just as potentialism tries to eliminate the deeply rooted in the essence of man and therefore the unremovable and necessary tension between what is and what is due, so existentialism tries to bridge the gap between subject and object. Moreover, he pretends that he has already overcome it. What is behind this claim? Are these claims justified, do they even make sense? We believe that the gap between subject and object cannot be bridged. You can only hide something - either an object or a subject, depending on the circumstances. M. Thiel in this connection speaks of "self-deception", asserting: "In reality, the existentialist also remains within the framework of the dichotomy, subject-object insofar as he generally thinks." The one who, together with the Cartesian water, threw out the child - the object - and then speaks about overcoming the subject-object dichotomy, should be explained that this is impossible, but it is not only impossible, but also unnecessary. Indeed, with regard to decision-making, human existence is completely conditioned by the fact that the requirement emanating from the situation, if it affects the person, is addressed to this person, and does not emanate from himself by the mechanism of simple self-expression, expression or projection of the person into the world. Similarly, in the cognitive or cognitive relation, human being inevitably transcends itself, so that one cannot speak of cognition if it does not have as its object something that transcends human being itself, transcending insofar as this being is substantially greater than just the expression of oneself himself. It is only thanks to the emergence of human existence beyond itself, thanks to its striving for the object and only at the cost of the fact that it thereby constitutes itself as a subject, is cognition initially possible. It is rooted in the polar structure of the intense field that exists between the poles of the object and the subject, which is the premise that makes cognition possible. In a word, this tense field contains the origins of all noodynamics.
Ignoring this noodynamics, in particular the denial of the pole of the object, the objective correlate of all cognition, originates in a specific kind of subjectivism, which we want to call kaleidoscopism. We proceed from the following. What is the essence of kaleidoscopy? In a kaleidoscope, you can only see the kaleidoscope itself, unlike binoculars or a telescope through which you can gaze at the stars or a theatrical performance. In accordance with this model, kaleidoscopism paints a picture of human cognition, in which a person appears as a subject who only "projects" his world, which in all his "projects of the world" expresses himself every time, so that through this designed "world" everyone once he himself is the projecting subject.
In our opinion, the project of the world is in reality not a subjective project of the subjective world, but a fragment, albeit subjective, but a fragment of the objective world. In other words, the world is much more than a mere manifestation of my being.
Let's return to the analogy with the kaleidoscope - to the fact that only the kaleidoscope itself can be seen through the kaleidoscope. Is it not generally fair that only that which is transparent in itself makes it possible to see something greater than it itself? Only to the extent that I myself retreat into the background, I consign my own existence to oblivion, do I acquire the opportunity to see something greater than myself. Such self-denial is the price I have to pay for the knowledge of the world, the price I have to acquire the knowledge of being, more than just the manifestation of my own being. In short, I must ignore myself. If I do not succeed, then my cognitive abilities are damaged, because I myself block the path of my own knowledge. In other words, reflection is an incomplete and secondary mode of the original existential orientation, just like self-realization is a derived mode of a semantic orientation, an intention to realize meaning.
Summary. A normal person (as well as a neurotic in the initial stages of the disease) does not strive to satisfy his drives and needs in order to maintain or restore mental balance. Initially, at least, it is aimed at realizing meaning and realizing values, and only in the course of realizing meaning and realizing values ​​does it realize and realize itself. The latter comes as a consequence, and striving for it as a goal makes it impossible to achieve it. The world is neither a simple means of achieving the goal of satisfying needs and desires, nor simply a manifestation of the subject's own being in the form of his "project of the world". All human existence inevitably and necessarily takes place in a double field: in the field of tension between what is and what is ought and in the field of the gap between the subjective and the objective. Potentialism ignores the first field; kaleidoscopism is the second. Thus, "being-in-the-world" is replaced by the absence of the world, which has thus distorted the image of man in monadologism. Determinism and Humanism: A Critique of Pandeterminism
Two eternal philosophical questions - the problem of the physical and mental and the problem of free choice (in other words, determinism and indeterminism) - cannot be resolved. But you can at least indicate the reasons for their undecidability.
The problem of the physical and mental can be reduced to the question of how comprehensible is that unity in diversity that can be the definition of a person. Who will deny that there is diversity in man? As Konrad Lorenz says, "the wall separating these great disparate spheres, physiological and psychological, is insurmountable. Even the expansion of scientific research into the field of psychophysics does not bring us closer to solving the problem of the body and the soul." In fact, we live in a time of scientific pluralism, when separate sciences represent reality is so different that the pictures contradict each other. However, I am convinced that these contradictions do not contradict the unity of reality. This is also true of human reality. To show this, let us remember that each science gives, so to speak, a cross section of reality. Let us now see what follows from this geometric analogy.
We take two orthogonal sections of the cylinder, with the horizontal section representing it as a circle and the vertical section as a square. As you know, no one has succeeded in transforming a circle into a square. Likewise, no one has yet managed to bridge the gap between the somatic and psychological aspects of human reality. And, we can add, hardly anyone will succeed, since coincidentia oppositorum, as Nikolai Kuzansky calls it, is impossible within one section: it is possible only outside all of them, in a different, higher dimension. It is no different with man. At the biological level, in the plane of biology, we are dealing with the somatic aspects of a person, and at the psychological level, in the plane of psychology, with his psychological aspects. Thus, in the plane of each of the scientific approaches, we are dealing with diversity, but we are missing the unity of man, because this unity is available only in the human dimension. Only in the human dimension lies "uni-tas multiplex", as Thomas Aquinas defined a person. This unity is not really in diversity, but rather in spite of diversity.
What is true about the oneness of man also has to do with his openness. Returning to our cylinder, let's imagine that this is not a solid body, but an open vessel, for example a glass. What are the sections in this case? The horizontal will remain a closed circle, while in the vertical plane the glass will appear as an open figure. But if we understand that both figures are only sections, the closure of one does not exclude the openness of the other. Something similar is true for humans. It is also often depicted as just a closed system within which causal relationships such as conditioned and unconditioned reflexes operate. At the same time, human being in its depth is characterized as openness to the world, as shown by Max Scheler, Arnold Gehlen and Adolph Portman. Or, as Martin Heidegger said, being human means "being in the world." What I have called the self-transcendence of existence points to the fundamental fact that to be human means to be in relation to something or someone other than himself, be it a meaning requiring fulfillment or a person promising a meeting. Human existence hesitates and collapses if he does not experience this quality of self-transcendence.
It is clear that the self-transcendence of existence, the openness of human existence, is expressed in one geometric section and is not expressed in another. Closedness and openness become compatible. And I believe the same is true of freedom and determinism. There is determinism in the psychological dimension and freedom in the noological, human dimension, in the dimension of human phenomena. If we summed up the problem of the body and the soul with the phrase "unity despite diversity", then we can express the problem of freedom of choice by the phrase "freedom despite determinism." This corresponds to the formulation of Nikolai Hartmann: "autonomy despite dependence".
However, as a human phenomenon, freedom is something too human. Human freedom is ultimate freedom. Man is not free from conditions. But he is free to take a position in relation to them. The conditions do not completely condition it. It depends on him - within the limits of his limitations - whether he surrenders, whether he gives in to conditions. He can also rise above them and thus open up and enter the human dimension. I once formulated that, as a professor in two fields, neurology and psychiatry, I am well aware of the extent to which a person depends on biological, psychological and social conditions; but besides being a professor in two fields of science, I am still a survivor of four concentration camps, and therefore I witness to what an unexpected degree man is able to defy the most difficult conditions imaginable. Sigmund Freud once said: "Let's try to put a number of very different people in the same conditions of hunger. As hunger increases, all individual differences will be erased, and instead there will be a uniform expression of indomitable urge." In the concentration camps, however, the opposite was true. People have become more diverse. Masks were torn from animals - and from saints. The hunger was the same, but the people were different. Calories didn't count.
Ultimately, man is not subject to the conditions he faces; rather, these conditions are subject to his decision. Consciously or unconsciously, he decides whether he will resist or surrender, whether he will allow himself to be determined by conditions. Of course, one could argue that such decisions are themselves deterministic. But this obviously leads to regressus in infinitum. Magda B. Arnold's statement summarizes this state of affairs and can serve as a summary of our discussion: "Every choice has a cause, but it has a reason in choosing" Interdisciplinary research involves more than one cross-section. This prevents one-sidedness. With regard to the problem of free choice, this protects against denying, on the one hand, the deterministic, mechanistic aspects of human reality, and on the other, human freedom in overcoming them. This freedom is not denied by determinism, but by what I would rather call pandeterminism. In other words, pandeterminism and determinism are really opposed to each other, and not determinism and indeterminism. As for Freud, he defended pandeterminism only in theory. In practice, he least of all denied the variability of human freedom, for example, once he defined the goal of psychoanalysis as providing the opportunity for "the patient's ego to choose one way or another" [3].
Human freedom implies the ability of a person to separate from himself. I often illustrate this ability with the following story. During the First World War, a Jewish military doctor was sitting in a trench with his friend, a gentile, an aristocratic colonel, when heavy shelling began. The colonel teased his friend, saying: "You are afraid, are you? Another proof of the superiority of the Aryan race over the Semitic." "Of course, I'm afraid," the doctor replied, "but as far as superiority is concerned, if you, my dear Colonel, were afraid as I am, you would have run away long ago." What matters is not our fears or our anxiety, but how we relate to them.
The freedom to choose attitudes towards our psychological states extends even to the pathological aspects of these states. We psychiatrists are constantly confronted with patients who react to their own illusory ideas in a completely non-pathological way. I have seen paranoid people who, out of their illusory ideas of persecution, kill their imaginary enemies; but I have also met the paranoid who forgave their supposed opponents. These paranoid people did not act out of their mental disorder, but rather reacted to the disorder out of their humanity. If we talk about suicide, and not about killing others, there are cases of depression that lead to suicide, and in other cases, people are able to overcome the suicidal impulse for something or for the sake of someone. They are too keen, so to speak, to be involved in suicide.
For example, I am convinced that psychoses such as paranoia or endogenous depression are somatogenic. More precisely, their etiology is biochemical, although most often their nature has not yet been determined. But this does not justify the fatalistic conclusions; they are unjustified even in cases where biochemical processes are determined by heredity. Regarding the latter, I never tire of quoting Johannes Lange, who spoke of the case of two twin brothers. One of them became an inventive criminal, the other - an inventive criminologist. Ingenuity could be inherited, but becoming a criminal or a criminologist, as in this case, is a matter of attitude. Heredity is nothing more than a material from which a person builds himself. These are nothing more than stones that can be used or rejected by the builder. But the builder himself is not made of stones.
Early childhood, even less than heredity, unambiguously determines the course of life. One woman (not my patient) once wrote to me in a letter: "I was more tormented by the thought that I must have complexes than these complexes themselves. Truly, I will not exchange my experience for anything else and I believe that there are many good things in it. ".
Fatalism on the part of the psychiatrist seems to reinforce the fatalism on the part of the patient, which is somehow characteristic of neurosis. The same is true at the level of the social approach. Pandeterminism serves the criminal as an alibi: only a certain mechanism can be blamed for it. Such an argument can, however, be directed against oneself. If the defendant claims that he was not really free and responsible when he committed his crime, the judge can argue the same about the sentencing.
In reality, criminals, at least after the trial is over, do not want to be seen as merely victims of psychodynamic mechanisms or conditioning processes. As Scheler once pointed out, a person has the right to be considered guilty and punished. To deny his guilt by explaining that he is a victim of circumstances is to rob him of his human dignity. I would say that it is a person's prerogative to become guilty. Of course, it is also his responsibility to overcome guilt. This is what I said to the inmates of San Quentin Prison in California, whom I once visited at the request of the warden. Joseph B. Fabry, a publisher at the University of California, accompanied me and subsequently told me how prisoners, the worst criminals in California, reacted to my appeal. One of them said: "Psychologists (unlike Frankl) have always asked us about our childhood and bad things in the past. Always about the past - like a millstone around our neck." And he added: "Most of us would not even come to listen to a psychologist. I only came because I read that Frankl himself was a prisoner" Karl Rogers once formulated "an empirical definition of what is" freedom "" Reverse determinism against pandeterminism, that is Let us try to give a strictly causal explanation for the following: let us ask ourselves what are the causes of pandeterminism. I would argue that the reason for pandeterminism is a lack of discrimination. On the one hand, reasons are mixed with subjective grounds, on the other, with conditions. What is the difference between reasons and subjective grounds? If you cut onions, you cry; your tears have a reason. But you may have no reason to cry. If you climb a mountain and get to an altitude of about 3,500 meters, you may have to cope with feelings of depression and anxiety. This can be attributed to both a cause and a subjective basis. Lack of oxygen can be the cause. But if you are in doubt about your equipment or fitness level, anxiety can be warranted.
Human being was defined as "being in the world." The world includes foundations and meanings. But subjective grounds and meanings are excluded if you consider a person to be a closed system. Causes and effects remain. Consequences are conditioned reflexes or responses to stimuli. Causes are represented by conditioning processes or drives and instincts. Motives and instincts push, but reasons and meanings attract. If you view a person as a closed system, you only notice the forces that push, and you do not notice the motives that attract. It's like the front door of an American hotel. From the inside of the hall, you only see the "push" sign; the sign "pull" can only be seen from the outside. A person has doors like a hotel. He is not a closed monad; psychology degenerates into a kind of monadology if it does not recognize man's openness to the world. This openness of existence is expressed in human self-transcendence. The self-transcendence of human reality, in turn, is expressed in the "intentional" quality of human phenomena, as Franz Brentano and Edmund Husserl call it. Human phenomena refer to and point to "intentional objects". When the self-transcendence of existence is denied, existence itself is distorted. It is reified. Being is reduced simply to a thing. Human being is depersonalized. And, most importantly, the subject becomes an object. This is due to the fact that the characteristic of the subject is the relation to objects. And the characteristic of a person is that he refers to intentional objects in terms of values ​​and meanings, which serve as subjective grounds and motives. If self-transcendence is denied and the door is closed for meanings and values, subjective grounds and motives are replaced by conditioning processes, and it remains to condition and manipulate a person through "hidden suggestion". It is reification that opens the door to manipulation. Conversely, the one who is going to manipulate people must first materialize them, and for this purpose instill in them the doctrine of pandeterminism. "Only by banishing the autonomous person," says BF Skinner, "can we transform the real causes of human behavior from inaccessible to manipulated." I am, first of all, simply assuming that conditioning processes are not the real causes of human behavior; second, that the real cause is something available, unless the humanity of human behavior is denied a priori; and third, that the humanity of human behavior cannot be discovered until we recognize that the real "cause" of a given individual's behavior is not cause, but subjective reason.
But reasons are confused not only with subjective reasons, but also with conditions. In a sense, causes are conditions. But these are sufficient conditions as opposed to conditions in the exact sense of the word, that is, necessary conditions. By the way, there are not only prerequisites, but also what I would call opportunity conditions in terms of triggers and triggers. The so-called psychosomatic diseases, for example, are not caused by psychological factors - that is, they are not, so to speak, psychogenic, like neuroses. Rather, psychosomatic diseases are diseases that are "triggered" by psychological factors.
A sufficient condition is sufficient to create and cause a phenomenon; in other words, the phenomenon is determined by such a cause not only in its essence, but also in its existence. In contrast, a prerequisite is a prerequisite, a prerequisite. There are, for example, cases of mental retardation that occur due to hypofunction of the thyroid gland. If such a patient receives thyroid hormones, his IQ will increase. Does this mean that the spirit is nothing more than thyroid hormones, as it says in a book that was once sent to me for review? I would rather say that thyroid hormones are "nothing but" a necessary condition, which the author has confused with a sufficient condition. Or consider hypofunction of the adrenal gland. I myself have published two articles based on laboratory studies regarding cases of depersonalization due to adrenal hypofunction. If such a patient is given deoxycorticosterone acetate, he again feels like a person, a sense of self is restored. Does this mean that the self is nothing but deoxycorticosterone acetate?
Here we reach the point at which pandeterminism turns into reductionism. Truly, only the lack of distinction between causes and conditions allows reductionism to deduce human phenomena from subhuman and reduce human phenomena to subhuman. However, human phenomena deduced from subhuman ones simply turn into epiphenomena.
Reductionism is the nihilism of our day. It is true that Sartre's branch of existentialism revolves around Being and Nothing. But the lesson to be learned from existentialism is the hyphen needed in the word "nothing": the "nothingness" of human existence. Man is not "something", not a thing among other things. Things determine each other. Man, on the other hand, defines himself. Or rather, he decides whether he will allow himself to be determined, be it by the motives and instincts that push him, or the reasons and meanings that attract him.
Yesterday's nihilism proclaimed nothing. The current reductionism preaches "nothing but". Man is nothing more than a computer or a "naked monkey". It is perfectly legal to use a computer, say, as a model for the functioning of our central nervous system. Analogia entis extends down to the computer. However, there are dimensional differences that reductionism denies and misses. Take, for example, the typically reductionist theory of conscience that this unique human phenomenon is nothing more than the result of a conditioning process. The behavior of a dog that has stained the carpet and hides under the sofa with its tail tucked between its paws is not a manifestation of conscience, but of what I would call an alarming anticipation, full of fear of anticipation of punishment. However, this has nothing to do with conscience, because true conscience has nothing to do with waiting for punishment. As long as the person is motivated by fear of punishment or the hope of reward - or, say, the desire to calm the superego - conscience has not yet said its word.
Lorenz was quite cautious about animal behavior similar to the moral behavior of humans. Reductionists do not see a qualitative difference between the two. They deny the existence of uniquely human phenomena, and they do so not on empirical grounds, as one might assume, but on a priori. They insist that there is nothing in man that cannot be found in other animals.
In my favorite story, two parishioners seek advice from the rabbi. One claims that the other's cat stole and ate five pounds of butter, the other denies it. "Bring a cat," the rabbi orders. They bring him a cat. "Now bring the scales." The scales are brought to him. "How many pounds of butter did you say the cat ate?" the rabbi asks. "Five pounds, rabbi." The rabbi then weighs the cat, and it weighs exactly five pounds. "So we have butter here," the rabbi says, "but where is the cat?" This is exactly what happens when reductionists discover in a person all conditioned reflexes, conditioning processes, internal triggers, and everything else they are looking for. "We have all this," they say like a rabbi, "but where is the man?" The devastating impact of reductionist doctrines should not be underestimated. Here I will restrict myself to a reference to the research of R.N. Research has shown that over the course of medical training, cynicism tends to increase and humanity decreases. Only after the completion of medical education, this trend reverses, but, unfortunately, not all. Here is an example of what might happen in such cases. A young couple returns from Africa, where they served as Peace Corps volunteers. They got sick of everything in the world. From the beginning, they had to participate in a mandatory psychology group, whose leader played games like this: "Why did you join the Peace Corps?" "We wanted to help less privileged people." "So do you feel superior to them?" - "In a manner". - "So, in you, in your unconscious, there should be a need to prove to yourself your superiority." "Well, I never thought about it that way, but you are a psychologist, and of course you know better." The group was taught to interpret idealism and altruism as "troubles" and "fad". Worse, the volunteers were constantly playing the "what's your ulterior motive" game with each other. Here we are dealing with what I would call hyperinterpretation.
A recent study by Edith Weisskopf-Joulson and coworkers shows that "self-interpretation" is the highest value among American college students. So far, we have opposed reasons to subjective reasons and necessary conditions to sufficient ones. But there is still a third distinction that we must consider. Sufficient conditions are usually understood to mean an acting cause as opposed to an ultimate cause. My assertion is that the ultimate causes - in our case, meanings and goals - can only be revealed by the corresponding scientific approach.
Pandeterminism, which asserts that there are no meanings and goals, is like a person who, in the words of Goethe, “wants to study a living object ... ... first expels the soul,
Then the object dismembers And sees them, but it's a pity: their spiritual connection In the meantime disappeared, carried away! Encheireisin naturae calls All this chemistry: she herself does not feel that she laughs at herself. ("Faust", part 1, p. 4 translated by N. Kholodkovsky)
There is indeed a "missing link" here. The world, as it is described by many sciences, lacks meaning. This, however, does not mean that the world is devoid of meaning, but only that many sciences are blind to it. Sense is sacrificed by many sciences. Not every scientific approach can show it; not every section (returning to our comparison) touches it. Consider a curve in a vertical plane.
In the horizontal plane from this line there are only three unconnected, isolated points, without a meaningful connection between them. A meaningful connection lies above and below the horizontal plane. Could the same be the case with events that science considers rare, for example, with random mutations? And is it impossible to imagine that there is a hidden meaning, higher or deeper, which is not manifested in a given section, because it lies above or below it, like the upper and lower parts of the curve. The fact remains that not everything can be meaningfully explained. But at least the basis for the necessity of such a situation can be explained.
If this is true for sense, how much more should it be for ultimate meaning. The more comprehensive the meaning, the less comprehensible it is. Infinite meaning necessarily lies outside the comprehension of the finite being. This is the point where the spider gives way and wisdom takes over. Blaise Pascal once said: "The heart has reasons that the mind does not know." Indeed, there is what is called the wisdom of the heart. Or you can call it ontological self-understanding. A phenomenological analysis of how the man on the street, based on the wisdom of the heart, understands himself, can teach us that being human is more than being a battleground where the claims of ego, id and superego collide, as Fulton E once mockingly said. . Shin; and more than being a hostage or a plaything of conditioning processes or drives and instincts. From a person on the street, we can learn that being human means constantly confronting situations that are both a chance and a challenge, which give a chance to fulfill ourselves without dodging the challenge to realize meaning. Each situation is a call: first to hear, then to respond.
And so we have reached the point at which the circle is closed. We started with determinism as a limitation of freedom and came to humanism as an extension of freedom. Freedom is only part of the case and half of the truth. Being free is only the negative aspect of a holistic phenomenon, the positive aspect of which is being responsible. Freedom can degenerate into simple arbitrariness if it is not lived through from the point of view of responsibility. This is why I would suggest that the Statue of Liberty on the east coast of the United States be complemented by the Statue of Responsibility on the west coast.
Spirituality, freedom and responsibility are the three existentials of human existence. They not only characterize human being as the being of a human being, but rather they even constitute him in this quality. In this sense, the spirituality of a person is not just his characteristic, but a constitutive feature: the spiritual is not simply inherent in man, along with the bodily and mental, which are also inherent in animals. The spiritual is what distinguishes a person, which is inherent only in him and him alone.
An airplane does not cease, of course, to be an airplane when it moves on the ground: it can and has to constantly move along the ground! But only by taking off in the air, he proves that he is an airplane. In exactly the same way, a person begins to behave like a person only when he is able to overcome the level of psychophysical-organismic given and relate to himself, not necessarily opposing himself.
This possibility is existence, and to exist is to constantly go beyond oneself.
A spiritual given is "present" with another given. This co-presence cannot be imagined only in the spatial dimension, since it is not spatial but "factual"; but this "factuality" is not optical (referring to separate entities), but ontological factuality. Spirit cannot be "outside" in the optical sense, but in the ontological sense it is always as if outside!
We do not need to specifically stipulate that we mean all this in no more than a figurative sense. After all, one can immediately assert the opposite, that physical co-presence (for example, of two people) is also co-presence only in a narrow, limited sense - narrowed down to a spatial dimension or, if you like, limited by material corporeality. After all, the primary meaning is not spatial and not material, not corporeal, but existential meaning.
The fundamental question of the theory of knowledge was posed incorrectly from the very beginning. After all, it makes no sense to ask how the subject penetrates into the object, since this question itself is the result of an illegal translation into spatial categories and thereby ontization of the true state of affairs. It is useless to ask how a subject can approach an object that is "outside" him, "outside", simply because this object in the ontological sense has never been "outside". If we interpret this question ontologically and understand the expression "outside" as conditional, then our answer should sound like this: the so-called subject has always been, so to speak, outside, together with the so-called object!
In other words: we should not at all, as is customary, immediately postulate between the subject and the object a yawning abyss created by the theory of knowledge with its incorrect spatial representations. Only in this case will we have at our disposal an approach to the true ontology of cognition, only then will there not be a gap between the cognizing spiritual being and the cognizable other being. After all, the distance between "external" and "internal", between "outside" and "inside", "far" and "close" in the ontizing (neontological) theory of cognition is only a consequence of the spatial interpretation of these expressions.
This theoretical and cognitive position means nothing more than the philosophical "fall", in fact, it is the fruit from the "tree of the theory of knowledge". After all, as soon as this line was drawn, nothing could help to overcome this "abyss", and there was no turning back. If we want to try to avoid this fatal rupture of subject and object, we will inevitably have to return to this bifurcation of being into subject and object.
The ability of a spiritual being to "be present" to another being is the original ability, the essence of spiritual existence, spiritual reality. Recognition of this saves us from the traditional epistemological problematics of "subject" and "object"; it frees us from the burden of proof, as one penetrates the other. For this liberation, however, we must pay, namely, by refusing to further questions, including the question of what is behind this last ultimate ability of the spirit to be present with another being. In essence, the ontology of cognition cannot reveal and assert anything other than the fact that the spiritual being "somehow" is present with another being. Ontological analysis only has access to this "somehow", but not exactly how, not the essence of co-presence.
In relation to the spiritual being, the being cognized by him is never "outside", but always just "here". Thus, only with a reflexive attitude inherent in any psychology, this simple "here-being" splits into a subject and an object! But this secondary attitude, as such, is not ontological, but rather ontic, but psychological. Then the spiritual being turns into a thing among things, and its co-presence - into a manifestation of the inner world.
So what, finally, is this co-presence of a spiritual being? This is the intentionality of this spiritual being! Spiritual being, however, is intentional in its essence, and one can thus say: spiritual being is spiritual being, this conscious being, it is present with another being, conscious of another being. Thus, the spiritual being realizes itself in co-presence, and this co-presence of the spiritual being is its original ability, its own primary property.
A spiritual being can not only be present with just another being. It, in particular, can be present with an equal to itself, the same spiritual being. This co-presence of a spiritual being with another being, the co-presence of two spiritual beings, we will call co-existence. It turns out that only in such an event is complete co-presence possible - only between beings equal to each other.
But this is possible only in that giving of oneself to each other without a trace, which we call love.
Love can be defined as an opportunity to say "you" to someone and also to say "yes" to him. In other words: this is the ability to understand a person in his essence, in his concreteness, in his uniqueness and originality, but to understand in him not only his essence and concreteness, but also his value, his necessity. This is to say yes to him. And again it turns out that those who claim that love blinds are absolutely wrong. On the contrary, love gives sight, it just makes a person sighted. After all, the value of another person, which it allows you to see and emphasize, is not yet reality, but only a simple possibility: that which does not yet exist, but which is only in becoming, what can become and what should become. Love has a cognitive function.
Since co-existence is the co-presence of one person with another person as such, which means in his absolute otherness (otherness in relation to all other people), and such co-presence (and only such) perceives this otherness with love, insofar as we can say that love represents it is certainly a personal, individual way of being.
In the realm of human spirituality, there is also what can be called subconscious spirituality. It is necessary, however, to clarify what we mean by subconscious spirituality such, the unconscious nature of which lies in the absence of reflexive self-awareness while maintaining the implicit self-knowledge of human existence. Such self-knowledge is inherent in any existence, any human being.
The layer of subconscious spirituality contains the sources and roots of all that is conscious. In other words: we know and recognize not only the unconscious in the form of drives, but also the spiritual unconscious, and in it we see the carrying basis of all conscious spirituality. The "I" is not in the power of "It", but the spirit rests on the unconscious.
Now, in order to clarify in more detail what we mean by "spiritual unconscious", we want to use the phenomenon of conscience as a model [I].
What is called conscience, in fact, is immersed in the depths of the unconscious, is rooted in the subconscious basis. After all, large and truly existential decisions in a person's life are always unreflective and thus unconscious; the origins of conscience go back to the unconscious.
In this sense, conscience can also be called irrational; it is illogical or, more precisely, prelogical. Indeed, just as there is a pre-scientific and ontologically preceding pre-logical cognition of being, so there is a pre-moral comprehension of value, which fundamentally precedes any explicit morality. This is conscience.
If we, however, ask ourselves the question of why conscience necessarily functions irrationally, then we need to take into account the following fact: the existence is open to consciousness, but not the existence is open to conscience, but rather, on the contrary, that which does not yet exist, but only must exist. This ought does not exist, it only has to be done; it is not a reality, but only a possibility (of course, this simple possibility is also a necessity in a higher moral sense). Since, however, what is revealed to us thanks to conscience has not yet been realized, since its implementation is only yet to come, the question immediately arises of how to implement it differently than some spiritual anticipation suggested at the very beginning. This anticipation, this spiritual anticipation, manifests itself in what is called intuition; it is carried out in the act of contemplation.
Thus, conscience appears as an intrinsically intuitive function: in order to anticipate what should be done, conscience must first grasp it intuitively, and in this sense, conscience, eros are really irrational and can be rationalized only retroactively. But don’t we know something similar, isn’t eros just as irrational, just as intuitive? Love is also intuitive in its essence, because it also sees something that does not yet exist. Unlike conscience, however, love reveals not what should be, but something that does not yet exist, what can be. Love sees and reveals a possible value perspective in a loved one. She, too, with her spiritual gaze anticipates something: those not yet realized personal possibilities that lie in a loved one.
But conscience and love are equal to each other not only in that both are not dealing with reality, but only with possibility; not only in the previously obvious feature that both can act only intuitively. You can also cite a second reason for them inevitably, since it is related to their essence, intuitive, irrational and therefore never fully rationalized functioning and action. Conscience and love both deal with an absolutely individual being.
After all, the task of conscience is to reveal "what is needed" to a person. However, this "what is needed" is always only one. Thus, we are talking about something absolutely individual, about individual obligation, which is not covered by any general "moral law" (such as the Kantian imperative), but is prescribed by the "individual law" (Georg Simmel). It is not cognizable rationally, but only comprehensible intuitively. And the intuitive achievement of this result is ensured by conscience.
Only conscience can, as it were, reconcile the "eternal", universal moral law with the concrete situation of a particular person. A life of conscience is always an absolutely individual personal life in accordance with an absolutely specific situation, with everything that can determine our unique and inimitable being. Conscience always takes into account the concreteness of my personal being.
We now want to show that in this respect too, in the aspect of the individual essential orientation of conscience, love is in a certain sense similar to it; not only ethos but also eros is aimed at a wholly and wholly individual possibility. Just as conscience reveals “what is needed,” so love reveals the only thing that is possible: the unique possibilities of a loved one. Love, and only love, is able to see a person in all uniqueness, as an absolute individuality that he is. But not only ethical and erotic, not only conscience and love are rooted in the emotional, not the rational, in the intuitive depths of the spiritual unconscious. In a certain sense, he found refuge in a third - "pathic", since in the spiritual unconscious, along with the ethical unconscious, with the moral conscience, there is also, so to speak, the aesthetic unconscious - the artistic conscience. Both in artistic creation and in reproduction, the artist is guided by his unconscious spirituality in precisely this sense. Irrational in its essence and therefore completely irrationalizable intuition in the artist corresponds to inspiration, which is also rooted in the sphere of unconscious spirituality. The artist creates by inspiration, and therefore the sources of his creativity are and remain in darkness, which consciousness is not able to fully illuminate. Every now and then it turns out that excessive awareness even at least interferes with this creativity "from the subconscious." Often, heightened self-observation, the desire to consciously "do" that which should proceed by itself in the depths of the subconscious, becomes a brake on the artist's creativity. Any reflection that is not necessary can only damage here.
Above, we explained that where we talk about unconscious or subconscious spirituality, we do not understand it as anything other than "unreflected" spirituality. But we still mean something more: we also mean "unreflected" (after all, human spirituality is not just unconscious, but inevitably unconscious).
Indeed, the spirit turns out to be non-reflective of itself, since it is blinded by any self-observation that tries to grasp it in its origin, in its source. In my book "The Subconscious God" I gave the following comparison: at the very base of the retina, at the entrance to the eyeball of the optic nerve, there is the so-called blind spot of this retina. However, another comparison suggests itself: such a spot, blind to any attempt to see yourself, can be created if you try to look into your eyes, directing light into them with the help of a mirror - at the same moment you will go blind. By the way, the retina is genetically part of the brain, and the brain - the organ of pain sensation - itself does not have the slightest sensitivity to pain. Another analogy is the personality - the center of spiritual acts, according to Max Scheler, and, accordingly, the center of all consciousness, which itself, however, cannot be realized.
With the help of a telescope, you can observe all the planets of the solar system with one exception: you cannot observe the planet Earth. The situation is similar with any human cognition: any cognition, since it is carried out by a person, is tied to a fulcrum. But where this fulcrum is, there can be no object, so the subject can never finally become his own object.
Full self-reflection, however, is not only impossible, but not required, because the task of the spirit is not to observe and reflect itself. The essence of a person includes his outward orientation, towards something or someone, towards a business or a person, towards an idea or towards a person! And only insofar as we are intentional, insofar as we are existential; only to the extent that a person is spiritually present with something or someone, a spiritual or other essence, only to the extent of such a presence is a person present with himself. Man is not here to observe and reflect himself; he is here in order to provide himself, to sacrifice himself, so that, knowing and loving, he can give himself.
The personality is revealed in its biography, it reveals itself, its "so-being", its unique essence only to a biographical explanation, not giving in to direct analysis. Ultimately, a biography is nothing more than an explanation of personality in time. In this sense, it goes without saying that any biographical data and even any detail from the history of life has a biographical value and, due to this, at the same time, personal expressive value (but only to a certain extent and only within certain limits). This limitation corresponds to the conditioning of a person who has only optional unconditionality, but in fact he is conditioned. Although he is essentially a spiritual being, he remains a finite being. From this it follows, in particular, that a spiritual person cannot fulfill himself, bypassing the conditioning of the psychophysical organization. Through the psychophysical layers, the personality can neither constantly manifest itself, nor constantly be realized. In any case, there can be no question that the psychophysical organization and, accordingly, all the painful phenomena in it represent the spiritual personality that stands behind them and somehow controls them; after all, this is impossible under any circumstances and under any circumstances. Since a spiritual person thus not under any conditions can realize himself in action through a psychophysical organization, for the same reasons, he does not allow himself to be seen through this organization under all conditions; precisely because this environment is inert, it is simultaneously opaque. If the human body - and not least in diseases - is a mirror in which the personality is reflected, then this mirror is not devoid of spots. In other words: not all spots on it should be attributed to the personality that is reflected in it. A person's body is by no means an exact mirror image of his spirit. This would only be true for an "enlightened" body; only the "enlightened" body represents the spiritual personality, while the body of the "fallen" person is a broken and therefore distorting mirror. In no way can bodily illness be attributed to an unhealthy spirit, that is, derived from mental illness. Not every disease is of noogenic origin; one who asserts otherwise is a spiritualist or, respectively, with regard to bodily ailments, a noosomatist. A person cannot realize everything that he wants as a spiritual person through himself as a psychophysical organism. As long as we are aware of this, we - in the face of this Impotentia oboedientialis - will be able to protect ourselves from incriminating any illness of the body with the insolvency of the spirit. Of course, any disease has its own "meaning", but the real meaning of the disease lies not in the fact of the disease, but in the peculiarities of suffering. Thus, illness must acquire a meaning, and this happens only when a suffering person, Homo patiens, who carries his fate in genuine and fearless suffering, realizes the meaning of suffering inseparable from his fate (in the collision of himself as a spiritual person and illness as defeat psychophysical organism). In this confrontation with the fate of the patient, in his attitude to this fate, the diseased person realizes some - no, the deepest! - meaning and realizes some - no, the highest! - value. The disease has a meaning both in itself and a meaning for me, but the meaning that it has in itself is a super meaning that goes beyond the capabilities of human comprehension of meaning. Thus, he is on the other side of the border of the legalized psychotherapeutic problematics. Crossing this border is fraught with a difficult situation in which a doctor finds himself here, for example, as a person who, when asked by his child why God is love, gave a casuistic answer: "He saved you from measles," but could not answer the child's objection: " Yes, but he sent me measles first! "
The impotence of the human spirit in psychosis lies in the fact and, accordingly, is limited by the fact that this spirit, as well as its attitude to psychosis, does not receive its expression, whether this attitude consists in resistance to illness or in reconciliation with it. We must not, however, confuse this impossibility of manifestation with the impossibility of the relationship itself. The possibility of the latter remains, and every now and then is translated into reality, thanks to what we call the stubbornness of the spirit. None other than a neuropsychiatrist is an expert on the laws of psychophysical conditioning of a spiritual personality, but it is he who also becomes a witness of its stubbornness.
The human spirit is conditioned - no less, but no more. The body does not affect anything, it only conditions, but this conditioning of the human spirit is not least of all in the attachment of the human spirit to its body. The so-called impersonal mechanisms (V.E. von Gebzattel) are localized not in the spiritual sphere, but in the psychophysical (depending on the human spirit's preservation of the instrumental and expressive function of its psychophysical organism). This double function, on which the ability of the spiritual personality to act and manifest itself outwardly rests entirely, can be violated; however, the spirit personality is therefore not destroyed for a long time. If, on the basis of the inability of a spiritual person to express himself and his attitude to psychosis, one draws a conclusion about its inability to resist psychosis at all, then this conclusion will be false. One way or another, even if this attitude is very discrete and hidden from our eyes, it does not disappear from this, it is just that a person bears and endures his sufferings in silence.
At the same time, as before, it goes without saying that a well-functioning psychophysical organism is a condition for the development of human spirituality. It is only important not to forget that the psychophysical, no matter how it conditions such spirituality, cannot influence anything, cannot give rise to this spirituality, that bios does not affect logos, just like fusion or soma on psyche, but only conditions it. [3, p. 39]. In addition, one must not lose sight of the fact that only the psychophysical organism is always exposed to the damaging effects of the type of psychotic illness, because the personality, being spiritual, is outside of health and illness. All the same, the violation of the psychophysical function is reflected in the fact that the spiritual person standing behind the psychophysical organism and in a certain sense above it cannot receive external manifestation, express itself outside. Psychosis means just that for a person - no more and no less.
Until I can find a spiritual personality in a person due to the fact that in conditions of psychosis it is barricaded and hidden from my eyes, I, naturally, cannot influence it therapeutically, and my conversion must fail. From this it follows that the logotherapeutic approach is suitable for psychoses of only mild to moderate clinical severity.
Logotherapy for psychosis (logotherapy for psychosis does not exist) is, in essence, a therapy for healthy people, namely, maintaining the patient's attitude of a healthy person as opposed to the attitude of a sick person; after all, a healthy person cannot get sick, and a patient cannot be cured with the help of psychotherapy (not only logotherapy!), but only somatotherapy is available.
So, it turns out that the fate, called psychosis, has already taken shape, because the personality always takes part in it, the personality is always involved in this, it affects the development of the manifestations of the disease. After all, illness happens to a person. The animal would necessarily fall into painful affectivity and would inevitably act under the influence of painful impulsivity. Only a person can resist all this. And pay attention: he always opposed this, however, not realizing to himself in the slightest degree any conscious account of what was happening. In a word, the collision of the human in the sick and the painful in the person takes place in addition to reflection, in an implicit form. This is a silent clash.
This implicit pathoplasty should not be confused with the conventional wisdom that delusion is a mental response to a somatic process. After all, we are not talking about mental reactions, but about spiritual acts, namely the personal attitude towards psychosis.
Revealing the personality in psychosis and letting it manifest itself is the task of existential analysis. This analysis seeks to discern a person through the clinical case, to expand the framework of the picture of the disease to the picture of a person. After all, the picture of the disease is just a caricature, the shadow of a person himself, his simple projection onto the level of clinical manifestations, a projection from the dimension of human existence, which is located on the other side of neurosis and psychosis, and in this metaclinic space, existential analysis traces the phenomena and symptoms of neurotic and psychotic diseases ... In this space, he discovers an unharmed and invulnerable humanity. If it were otherwise, then it would not be worth being a psychiatrist neither for the sake of a spoiled "mental mechanism", nor for the sake of a destroyed mental "apparatus", nor for the sake of a broken machine, - only for the sake of the human in the sick, which is hidden behind all this, and for the spiritual in man. that rises above all this, it is worth being a psychiatrist.
Existential analysis extends to a person in all his integrity, which is not only psychophysical-organismic, but also spiritual-personal in nature. And he would be a real depth psychology, since he descends not only to the unconscious drives, but also to the spiritual unconscious. Or, on the contrary, we can consider the spiritual in a person as a higher dimension, as opposed to the psychophysical level. And then we will agree that existential analysis is something opposite to the so-called (calling itself so) depth psychology. Depth psychology forgets that its opposite is not superficial, but summit psychology. We are, however, not so "arrogant" to use this expression. It is applicable to any psychology, which in its clinical practical application does not forget behind the somatic and psychic in a person also the spiritual in him and strives to be psychotherapy of the spirit and in this sense knows about the existence of the spiritual dimension - the highest dimension of human existence. Deep psychology is honored, but "only the top of man is man" (Paracelsus).
Today's man, however, is spiritually satiated, and this spiritual satiety is the essence of modern nihilism.
Collective psychotherapy fights spiritual satiety. Freud once said that humanity knew that it possesses a spirit, and he had to show humanity that he has drives. However, today, apparently, the point is again rather to give a person the courage to live spiritually, in order to remind him that he has a spirit, that he is a spiritual being. And psychotherapy, especially taking into account collective neuroses, must remember this itself!
Our knowledge of ourselves tells us: we are free. This knowledge of ourselves, the evidence of this fundamental fact of our freedom, can, however, be obscured. For example, it can be obscured by psychology in its natural-scientific version: it does not know any freedom, it cannot know about it, how, say, physiology is impermissible to recognize or at least notice something like free will. Psychophysiology ends on this side of free will, theology begins on the other side, where divine providence rises above free will. As such, the natural scientist cannot but be a determinist. Who, however, is "only" a natural scientist? And the natural scientist, in addition to all his scientific attitudes, is a man - completely and completely. But the subject that he studies from a scientific standpoint - man - is something more than natural science is able to see in him. Natural science sees only a psychophysical organism, but not a spiritual person. Therefore, it cannot notice the spiritual autonomy of a person, which is inherent in him, despite his psychophysical dependence. Natural sciences, including natural-scientific psychology, see in this "autonomy despite dependence" only a moment of dependence: instead of the autonomy of spiritual existence, they see the automatisms of the mental apparatus. They see only necessity.
But man as such is always on the other side of necessity - albeit on this side of possibility. In essence, man is a being who transcends necessity. Although he "is" only out of necessity, this connection is free.
Necessity and freedom do not belong to the same level. At the level at which a person's dependence is localized, it is impossible to detect his autonomy. Therefore, once we touch on the problem of free will, we should in no way allow the levels of being to be contaminated. Where there is no contamination of the levels of being, a compromise of points of view is also impossible. Thus, one cannot imagine a compromise between determinism and indeterminism. Necessity and freedom are not localized at the same level; freedom rises, built on top of any need. Thus, causal chains remain always and everywhere closed, and at the same time they are open in the higher dimension, open to the higher "causality". Being, in spite of causality in the narrow sense of the word, moreover, according to the laws of its own causality, is always an open vessel, ready to perceive the meaning. Affecting meaning penetrates into the conditioning being.
Everything human is conditioned. But it becomes properly human only if and insofar as it rises above its own conditioning, overcoming it, "transcending" it. Thus, a person in general is a person if and to the extent that and insofar as he, as a spiritual being, goes beyond the limits of his bodily and mental being.
To that in which I exist and beyond which I simultaneously go out in my existence, all external circumstances and all internal states of my being belong, in fact, any psychic given belongs. But I can fundamentally distance myself from it due to that noopsychic antagonism, which we, from heuristic considerations, opposed psychophysical parallelism, that is, thanks to the stubbornness of the spirit that gives a person the opportunity to assert himself in his humanity in spite of bodily-mental states and social circumstances. Another thing is that this stubbornness is not always necessary. We have already said that a person, fortunately, should not use this stubbornness all the time. Indeed, at least as often as in spite of his inclinations, in spite of his heredity and in spite of his environment, a person also asserts himself thanks to his drives, thanks to his heredity and thanks to his environment.
We still want to emphasize the fact that a person as a spiritual being not only faces the fact that he is opposed to the world (both external and internal), but also takes a position in relation to it. A person can always somehow "relate", somehow "behave" in relation to the world. At every moment of his life, a person takes a position in relation to both the natural and social environment, to the external environment, and to the vital psychophysical inner world, to the inner environment. And that which can oppose everything social, bodily and even psychic in a person, we call spiritual in him. Spiritual, by definition, is free in man. A spiritual person is something in a person that can always object!
The ability of a person to "rise above everything" also includes his ability to rise above himself. Simply put - as we sometimes explain this to our patients - I don't have to endure myself all the time. I can dissociate myself from what is in me, and not only from normal mental phenomena, but also within certain limits from the mental pathology in me. I am associated with circumstances not simply as a biological type or psychological character. After all, I only have type or character; what I am is personality. My personal being means freedom - freedom to become a person. It is freedom from its factuality, freedom from its existentialism. This is the freedom to become different.
This is especially important in connection with neurotic fatalism: when a neurotic speaks about his personality, about his personal "so-being", he is inclined to hypostatize it and present the matter as if this "so-being" contains the impossibility of otherwise. In reality, however, being is not confined to any "so-being." Existence does not exist outside of its factuality, but it does not dissolve into its own factuality. Existence is that which always transcends its own factuality.
Ultimately, this is the unique dialectical feature of human existence: two moments that presuppose each other - existence and factuality and their interdependence. Both are in constant intertwining with each other, and they can only be separated artificially.
In the light of this dialectical unity and integrity, which is formed by the fusion of psychophysical factuality and spiritual existence in human existence, it turns out that a clear separation of the spiritual and psychophysical can only be heuristic! It cannot but have a purely heuristic character, if only because the spiritual is not a substance in the traditional sense of the word. It is rather an ontological beingness to which what is said about optical reality is not applicable. That is why we always speak of "spiritual" only in these pseudosubstantivistic expressions, using a substantivized adjective instead of the noun "spirit", which we avoid: after all, only substance can be denoted by a real noun.
And yet, a clear demarcation of the spiritual and psychophysical is necessary, if only simply because the spiritual in its essence is delimiting itself, distinguishing itself. It separates itself as existence from factuality and as personality from character in much the same way as the figure is separated from the background.
It is clear that depending on the point of view from which we will consider the human essence, either its unity and integrity, or its division into the spiritual and the opposite psychophysical, will mainly fall into our field of vision. Accordingly, it will seem to us that in research in line with the "existential analysis" the moment of unity is more emphasized, and our existential-analytical approach is more emphasizing the multiplicity. But it is obvious that for the purposes of analysis (existential or existential), it is important to reveal the unity of human existence, and for the purposes of psycho- (or logo-) therapy, its plurality is important!
After all, it is one thing to understand the disease, and quite another to cure the patient. To be cured, the patient must somehow internally dissociate himself from his illness, from his "madness". If, however, from the very beginning I consider the disease as something that completely takes over a person and transforms him as a whole, as if diffusely penetrating into him, then I will never be able to understand and comprehend the patient himself, standing behind and above anyone (in including mental) illness a spiritual person. Then I have only a disease in front of me, and nothing besides it that I could oppose the disease, oppose the fatal necessity of "being-in-the-world-like this" (with melancholy, with mania, with schizophrenia, etc.) "and-no- otherwise ".
How can I, in this case, contribute to the emergence of that useful distance, which allows the patient as a spiritual person, due to facultative noopsychic antagonism, to take a position in relation to psychophysical disease, a position that is extremely important from a therapeutic point of view! After all, this inner distance occupied by the spiritual in relation to the psychophysical, on which noopsychic antagonism is based, seems to us to be extremely effective in the therapeutic sense. Any psychotherapy should ultimately be based on noopsychic antagonism.
We constantly hear how our patients refer to their character, which becomes a scapegoat for them: the moment I talk about him, I shield myself, blaming everything on him. Character traits are in no way decisive; the position of the individual always decides in the final analysis. "In the last instance," thus, the spiritual person makes a decision about the spiritual character, and in this sense we can say the following: a person decides for himself; any decision is a decision for oneself, and a decision for oneself is always the formation of oneself. The moment I shape my destiny, I as a person shape the character that I possess. As a result, the personality that I am becoming is formed.
What does this mean, however, if not that I not only act in accordance with what I am, but also become in accordance with the way I act.
Virtue grows out of constantly doing good.
We know that action, ultimately, is the transition of possibility into reality, potency into act. As for a moral deed, the person who acts morally is not content with the uniqueness of his moral deed; he continues it, turning the act into a habit. What was a moral deed became a moral attitude.
Being free, man is a creature who makes decisions freely. By this, we once again dissociate ourselves from the traditional existentialist concept of a person as simply free - after all, freedom does not yet contain the answer why it is, while the decision already contains what it is for and against: the objective world of meaning and values, moreover, an ordered one. the world, that is, one might say, space. What a person is responsible for Pleasure and value
The first vulnerability of anthropology with a one-sided, exclusively psychodynamic and psychogenetic orientation is the postulation of the desire for pleasure instead of the desire for value that is inherent in humans in reality, in a word, the postulation of the pleasure principle. But the pleasure principle contradicts itself - it cancels itself.
The one who proclaims pleasure as a principle, makes it an object of forced intention or even an object of forced reflection, hyperreflexion, as we call it, that does not allow it to be what it should be: the result. But it is precisely this transformation of pleasure as a result into pleasure as an object of intention that leads to the loss of pleasure itself; the pleasure principle breaks down on itself. The more a person is aimed at pleasure, the more it escapes him, and vice versa: the more a person seeks to avoid displeasure, to avoid suffering, the more he plunges himself into additional suffering; his escapism turns against him.
What is the condition and prerequisite for the pursuit of value, misunderstood and interpreted by psychoanalysis as the desire for pleasure? Pleasure is a legacy of psychologism; pleasure is what remains when the act loses its intentionality.
The fact that analytical psychologism deprives mental activity of its object, its object, and thereby subjectivizes it, is inherent in its very essence. At the same time, the subject of this activity - the spiritual personality - is objectified, turning into a simple thing. Thus, analytical psychologism is sinful before the spiritual in man twice: before the subjective spiritual - a spiritual personality - and before the objective spiritual - objective values. In a word, he is guilty not only of depersonalization, but also of derealization, simultaneously with the distortion of his own human essence, not recognizing the original world of man. Simultaneously with the subjectivization of the object, the immanentisation of the totality of objects, the world, occurs. In a word, the inner innervation of the soul occurs, which F. Lersh criticized.
This loss of values ​​due to the immanentisation of the objective world, which is a natural consequence of the psychoanalytic approach, should be explained using a concrete example. We were approached by an American diplomat who had been treated by a psychoanalyst in New York for at least five years. He had a desire to leave his diplomatic career and go to work in industry. The analyst who treated him, however, all the time tried, albeit in vain, to induce him to finally make peace with his father - after all, the authorities are "nothing more than" the image of the father and all anger and negative feelings towards the service stemmed from the patient, according to the psychoanalytic interpretation , from his implacable struggle with the image of his father. The questions about whether there are real reasons for the patient's rejection of his boss and whether the patient should really leave his diplomatic career never came up over the many years that imitation of treatment lasted - the battle with images that the analyst waged shoulder to shoulder with patient. As if everyone should go to his service on a white horse, and as if there is nothing worthy of realization, not for the sake of or in opposition to some imaginary people, but in connection with real circumstances. However, reality was no longer visible behind the continuous images; it had long since disappeared from the eyes of the analyst and the patient; there was no real boss, no real service, no world outside of images - a world before which each patient would have obligations, a world whose tasks and requirements would wait for their resolution ... The analysis, as it were, dragged the patient onto a path of self-interpretation that leads away from the world and self-understanding. In the language of psychoanalysis, it was only about the patient's intransigence to the image of his father, although it was easy to find out that the diplomatic field and career of our patient frustrated, so to speak, his desire for meaning.
Hand in hand with the subjectivization of the object and the immanentisation of the objective world goes something that especially concerns the world of meanings and values, namely the relativization of values. After all, the world in the process of depersonalization, inseparable from derealization, not only loses its reality, but it also loses its value: derealization consists, in particular, in devaluation. The world is losing its value relief, since all values ​​are leveled.
A psychodynamically and psychogenetically oriented approach to the consideration of the problem of value will never lead to its solution, but rather to the subjectivation and relativization of the values ​​themselves. By psychodynamic, we mean an approach that reduces everything to manifestations of drives, and by psychogenetic — one that deduces everything from the history of drives. Values ​​are subjectivized insofar as they can no longer exist independently of the subject, and are relativized insofar as they can no longer possess unconditional significance.
From the point of view of the psychological approach, the subject of an intentional act is nothing more than a means of satisfying needs. In reality, however, the situation is rather the other way around, namely, the needs serve to orient a person to a certain subject area - the area of ​​objects. If things were otherwise, then any human act would, in the final analysis, be essentially an act of satisfying needs, satisfying the subject himself, that is, any act would be reduced to an act of "self-satisfaction". This, however, is not the case. How seductive is the popular talk about self-fulfillment and self-realization of a person! As if a person is only meant to satisfy his own needs or himself. Since self-fulfillment and self-realization are generally important for human existence, they are achievable only as a result, but not as an intention. Only to the extent that we forget ourselves, give ourselves, sacrifice ourselves to the world, to those of its tasks and requirements that permeate our life, only to the extent that we care about the world and objects outside of us, and not just to ourselves and our own needs, only to the extent that we fulfill tasks and requirements, realize meaning and realize values, we fulfill and realize ourselves as well.
If I want to become what I can, I have to do what I have to. If I want to become myself, I have to fulfill personal and specific tasks and requirements. If a person wants to come to himself, his path lies through the world.
In other words: existence, which aims not at the Logos, but itself, does not hit the target. But it also does not hit the target if, with the logos as its goal, it does not transcend itself. In a word, intentionality refers to the essence of human existence, and transcendence refers to the essence of meaning and values.
Self-fulfillment, the realization of possibilities cannot be imagined as an end in itself, and only a person who has lost the real meaning of his life sees the realization of himself not as an effect, but as a goal. The turning of a person to himself, his reflection, is not only devoid of perspective, but also simply an inadequate form of intention. Only a boomerang that misses the target returns to where it was thrown from, since its original purpose is to hit the prey, and by no means return to the hands of the hunter who threw it.
So, we state that only when the primary objective orientation is lost and destroyed, does that specific partiality that is inherent in the neurotic state arise. The psychologizing approach presents the matter as if the human psyche is a closed system and as if the person himself seeks to establish or restore certain intrapsychic states, for example, through reconciliation and satisfaction of the requirements of the drives, "It" and "Super-I". Thus, however, anthropology is reduced to monadology. Indeed, for a real person, it is not some states of his soul that are essential, but real objects in the external world; he is primarily directed towards them, and only the neurotic is no longer oriented, like a normal person, towards objects, but is interested only in his own states. Ultimately, all this is based on the point of view or, more precisely, a false understanding of the human psyche as a sphere dominated by the principle of balance and equilibrium, in a word, the postulation of the principle of homeostasis as a regulatory principle. "The main motivational tendencies postulated by Freud are thought of by him homeostatically, that is, Freud explains any activity as a means of restoring a disturbed equilibrium. However, based on his contemporary physics, Freud's assumption that the elimination of stress is the primary and only tendency of a living being is simply not true. Growth. and reproduction are processes that cannot be explained through the prism of the principle of homeostasis. " So, the principle of homeostasis has no explanatory power even in the biological dimension, let alone the psychological-noological one. For example, a creative person "posits his product and work in reality, which he perceives positively, while an adapting person, in his striving for balance, perceives reality negatively." Gordon Allport also takes a polemical and critical position in relation to the principle of homeostasis: “Motivation is viewed as a state of tension that leads us to the search for balance, peace, adjustment, satisfaction or homeostasis. From this point of view, personality is nothing more than our usual forms of discharge Of course, this formulation is fully consistent with the premise of empiricism that man is by nature a passive being, capable only of receiving impressions from external goals and reacting to them.This formula, applied to successful adaptation, fails in explaining the nature of personal desire. A distinctive feature of such an aspiration is its resistance to equilibrium: it is not about removing, but about creating tension. "
The second vulnerability of anthropology with an exclusively psychodynamic and psychogenetic one-sided orientation, along with the postulation of the desire for pleasure instead of the desire for values, which is actually inherent in man, is the acceptance of a person's orientation toward meaning as the determinism of his behavior by drives. From the point of view of existential analysis, there is a conscious duty before desire, and from the point of view of psychodynamics, there is an unconscious need behind a conscious desire. From the point of view of existential analysis, a person stands in the face of values, and from the point of view of psychodynamics, behind him there are drives, "It". Any energy from the point of view of psychodynamics is the energy of drives, an incentive force; any strength is an inner strength.
In reality, however, a person is not motivated by attractions, but attracted by values. Only violence over language allows such expressions as “drawn” or “driven” by them in relation to values. Values ​​do not push me, they attract me. I choose freedom and responsibility for the sake of realizing values, I decide on realizing values, I open myself to the world of values, but attraction, inner motive force has nothing to do with it. Of course, not only the psychic, but also the spiritual has its own dynamics; this dynamic is not based, however, on the motivation of drives, but on the pursuit of values. This spiritual pursuit of meaning includes on the psychic level attraction as a source of energy.
Let us try, by means of comparison, to explain what mistake psychodynamics makes in relation to the energy of drives, which nourishes - but no more than nourishes - spiritual life. How does a sewer cleaner see the city? He sees nothing but water and gas pipes and electrical cables. This is all that he sees in the city while he is in the sewer system, moves in the "city belly" only among the energy carriers that feed the cultural life of the city. But cultural life does not consist of gas, water and electric current.
The psychodynamic also sees only the "womb", only the psychic foundation of spiritual life. He sees only the dynamics of affect (striving for pleasure!) And the energetics of drives (motive force!). But spiritual life does not consist of pleasure and attraction, which are not what is really essential for a person.
That which is really essential is nevertheless tacitly implied even by the psychoanalyst. Indeed, to the extent that psychodynamic intervention in a particular case turns out to be truly effective, it is done in a roundabout way through existential restructuring, on the basis of an existential revolution. After all, a psychodynamic is never just a psychodynamic - he is always also a person.
It was said above that from a psychodynamic point of view, behind a conscious desire is an unconscious need. In this sense, the goals that "I" sets for itself are only means of achieving the goals that "It" realizes, and realizes behind the back of the "I", through its head. All human motives inevitably look fake in this light, and the person as a whole appears to be unreal. All cultural aspirations, whether they are of a theoretical or practical, aesthetic, ethical or religious nature, in a word, all spiritual aspirations look like a simple sublimation.
If they are really sublimation and nothing else, then the spiritual in man is just a lie, self-deception. For psychodynamics, there is something else behind it; hence the desire of psychodynamics to expose. In essence, this is "revealing" psychotherapy.
Exposing the untrue should remain a means so that the truth can be better seen in the cleared area. If exposure becomes an end in itself and does not stop at anything, even a true one, then it actually turns out to be not an end in itself, but also only a means that serves to direct the psychologist towards devaluing what he is dealing with. This is a cynical, nihilistic attitude. To what a person is responsible
Above, we talked about the fact that the responsibility that existential analysis places exactly in the center of its field of vision is not reduced to simple freedom insofar as responsibility always includes that for which a person is responsible every time. As it turns out, responsibility implies (also unlike simple freedom) something else beyond that, namely that to which a person is responsible. In the meantime, however, we are faced with the question of whether this "before what" is contained in human responsibility at all. Until I have included in the consideration of "before what" human responsibility, I have the right to say only that this person is able to answer for his actions, that he may be held accountable for something, but not that he is responsible for them ; after all, a person always bears responsibility not only for something, but also before something. What a person is responsible for
It's about conscience. Projected from the noological to the psychological dimension, conscience is reflected in the form of a "super-I"; the "super-I", however, is "nothing more than" an introjected image of the father, and God is "nothing more than a" projection of the "super-I". Truly Münchhausen's situation: the "I" pulls itself out of the swamp "It" by the hair of the "super-I". Thus, psychodynamics, on the one hand, replaces existentiality with factuality, and on the other hand, it denies transcendence, focus and focus on transcendence.
Responsibility belongs to the irreducible and irreducible phenomena of man. Like spirituality and freedom, it is a primary phenomenon, not an epiphenomenon. Nevertheless, psychodynamics tries to reduce primary phenomena to drives, and psychogenetics - to remove them from drives, as if it is possible not only to remove "I" from "It", but also to reduce the "super-I" to "I". Thus, first, will is derived from impulses, desire from necessity, and then duty from desire, without considering that the conscience appeals to something that is greater and higher than a person.
Ontologically, debt is present to desire. After all, I can only give an answer if I was asked a question. And every answer has its own "to what", and this "to what" must exist before the answer itself, and "before what" any responsibility precedes responsibility itself.
By itself, a structure based on drives can never force another structure based on drives to change and set other objects and goals of drives. This, however, does not exclude the fact that drives are always built into any striving for value; as already mentioned, drives enter the striving for value as its energetic source. Is it possible to imagine, from a purely biological point of view, such an energy of attraction that would be activated in order to limit the drives? That which sets it in motion cannot itself be deduced from the drives.
The instantiation governing drives, the presence of which, although tacitly, but nevertheless implied in the psychodynamic approach, is the original formation. A. Portman bluntly asserts: "In the process of our development, there is no stage at which those signs that we call" spiritual "would appear with a delay." Thus, the spirituality that constitutes a person is inherent in him biologically and even anatomically - freedom and spirituality, which underlie everything human. Let us turn again to A. Portman: "Man is a special being, which is characterized by constant freedom of decision-making, regardless of any life circumstances. This freedom includes the ability to be both inhuman and holy."
A person is not necessarily driven by "It" - he can be moved by the "super-I", and in this case the person remains only movable, he does not become a decision maker, especially moral ones. A person who makes really moral decisions does not do this in order to calm the remorse of his "super-I".
There is no moral attraction like the sexual one; after all, my moral conscience is not something that attracts me, but something in the face of which I make decisions.
Finally, it is impossible to get around the question of whether a person can really be responsible to something and whether responsibility is always a responsibility to someone. The one to whom the person is responsible
Existentiality alone suffices to explain human freedom, but to explain human responsibility I must turn to the transcendentality of conscience.
The institution to which we are responsible is conscience. If a dialogue with my conscience is a real dialogue, that is, not just a conversation with oneself, then the question arises whether conscience is still the last or only the penultimate instance. The last "before what" it turns out to be possible to find out by means of a closer and more detailed phenomenological analysis, and "something" turns into "someone" - an instance that has the appearance of a personality. Moreover, it is a kind of superpersonality. We must become the last ones who did not dare to name this instance, this superpersonality by the name that humanity gave it: God.
We speak here of the superpersonality as if it were possible to speak of it in the neuter gender. However, by doing so, we turn it into a thing. In fact, one cannot speak of God as a thing, as something, and even, perhaps, as someone. You can only speak with him as with someone, as with an interlocutor, with a certain "You".
Behind the human super-I is the divine Thou: conscience is the transcendent Thou.
Just as a person has a metaphysical need, he also has a symbolic need. How deeply rooted and anchored this innate symbolic need is, we see in the everyday life of an ordinary person. Every day and hourly, he makes symbolic gestures - when he greets someone or when he wishes something to someone. From a rationalistic, utilitarian point of view, all these symbolic gestures are completely meaningless, as they are useless and pointless. In fact, they are by no means pointless: they are simply useless and pointless, or rather, they simply do not serve any purpose.
Let us recall Pascal's words: the heart has its reasons, unknown to reason, reasons that are inaccessible to rationalism and utilitarianism.
The effect of a symbol can be compared to the effect of perspective. Just as perspective by means of the second dimension expresses the third, allows one to see space in the plane, so the symbolic image makes the incomprehensible accessible and understandable. It is only necessary to realize that the analogy just cited between perspective and a symbolic image is itself only a symbolic image. Therefore, Jaspers was right and dotted the i's on this point when he said that the very concept of a symbol is just a symbol.
Through the immanent content of the symbol, the transcendental object acquires more and more direction. The only condition is the permeability of this immanent content through which the transcendental object must be seen. For a symbol to retain this transparency, it must never be taken literally and verbatim. Only when the light of the intentional act is directed at him does the transcendent flare up in him. Each time in a new act, the mastery of the symbol takes place.
The absolute is not comprehended "with" the symbol, but "in" the symbol. This can be illustrated by the following example: we are not able to see the sky, even if we illuminate it with a powerful searchlight. If at the same time we see, for example, clouds, then this only proves that what we see is just not the sky. And at the same time, it is the visible clouds that are the symbol of the invisible sky [8, p. 109]. If the intention does not go beyond the visible symbol, then it does not reach the invisible transcendence. Thus, a symbol is always in uncertainty: it is always something less than the thing that it symbolizes, but at the same time more than just its image. If Klages' assertion about the "reality of images" can be true, then it refers to the symbol, but only insofar as the (real) symbol is a symbol of some higher reality. If he were just an image, then he could not have the same degree of reality as the symbolized object itself. From the point of view of existential analysis, God is in no way an image of the father. Rather, on the contrary: the father is, one might say, the first concrete image of God that develops in the child.
The Father is not for us a type of everything divine, rather the opposite is true: God is a type of fatherhood. Only ontogenetically, biologically, biographically, the father is primary; ontologically, however, God is primary. Although psychologically the child-father relation precedes the man-god relation, ontologically the first relation is not a model, but a reflection.
What follows from the fact that God acts as an invisible witness and observer? The actor on the stage likewise does not see those in front of whom he plays; he is dazzled by the spotlights and footlights, and the auditorium is plunged into darkness. Nevertheless, the actor knows that there are spectators sitting there, in a dark hall, that he is playing in front of someone. The same is the case with man: appearing on the stage of life and blinded by the daily life sparkling in the foreground, he nevertheless with the wisdom of his heart guesses the presence of the great every time; albeit an invisible observer, before whom he is responsible for the required realization of his personal concrete meaning of life.
The fact that a person may not be aware of his own morality has been known since the time of Freud, who once said that a person is often not only much more immoral than he thinks, but also much more moral than he thinks. Existential analysis takes only the next step, defending the point of view that a person is often much more religious than he himself suspects. One should not only put this unconscious religiosity on a par with repressed sexuality or, as one of Jung's disciples once did, talk about religious attraction along with aggressive.
We said that a person is often more religious than he suspects. Often this subconscious belief appears as a repressed religiosity; with equal right, however, it can be called shy religiosity. After all, today's intellectual, brought up in the traditions of naturalism, a naturalistic image of the world and man, is inclined to be ashamed of his religious feelings.
Such a repressed or conscious, but bashful religiosity does not need to refer to any archetypes for explanation. After all, the community of content (the idea of ​​God) is determined not by the similarity of certain forms (we mean archetypes), but by the identity of the object (that is, God). In the end, no one would ever think of claiming that these are prints from the same negative when looking at several similar photographs: after all, the negatives are similar to each other or even the same only insofar as the same object was filmed on them.
The concept of responsibility includes the concept of duty, obligation. Human duty, however, can only be understood in the context of the category of "meaning" of the specific meaning of human life. The question of meaning is of primary interest to the physician when he is confronted with a mental patient who is tormented by mental conflicts. However, it is not the doctor who raises this question - the patient himself puts it before him.
Whether explicitly or implicitly, this question is inherent in human nature itself. Doubts about the meaning of life, therefore, can never be seen as manifestations of mental pathology; these doubts to a much greater extent reflect truly human experiences, they are a sign of the most humane in man. So, it is quite possible to imagine highly organized animals, even among insects - say, bees or ants - that in many ways surpassed humans in terms of organizing their communities. But it is impossible to imagine that such creatures think about the meaning of their own existence, thus doubting it.
Only a person is able to discover the problematic nature of his existence and to feel all the ambiguity of being. This ability to doubt the significance of one's own existence distinguishes a person from animals much more than such achievements as upright posture, speech or conceptual thinking.
The problem of the meaning of life in its extreme form can literally take over a person. It becomes especially urgent, for example, in adolescence, when maturing young people in their spiritual quests suddenly discover all the ambiguity of human existence. Once a high school science teacher explained to high school students that the life of any organism, including humans, is ultimately nothing more than a process of oxidation and combustion. Suddenly one of his students jumped up and threw the teacher a question full of excitement: "If so, then what is the meaning of life?" This young man has already clearly realized the truth that a person exists in a different plane of being than, say, a candle that stands on the table and burns out until it is completely extinguished. The existence of a candle (Heidegger would say "Vorhanden-Sein") can be explained as a combustion process. A fundamentally different form of being is inherent in man. Human existence takes the form of historical being, which - in contrast to animal life - is always included in historical space ("structured" space, according to L. Binswanger) and is inseparable from the system of laws and relations that underlie this space. And this system of relations is always governed by meaning, although it may not be explicitly expressed, and perhaps not at all amenable to expression. The vital activity of the anthill can be considered purposeful, but in no way meaningful. And where there is no meaning, the historical process is impossible. The ant "community" has no history.
Erwin Strauss in his book "Chance and Event" showed that the reality of human life (what he calls the becoming reality) cannot be understood in isolation from the historical temporal context. This is especially true in the case of neurosis, when a person himself distorts this reality. One of the ways of such distortion is an attempt to escape from the originally human form of being. Strauss calls such an attempt "the existence of the present moment", meaning a complete rejection of any orientation in life, in other words - behavior that is not controlled either by relying on the past or striving for the future, but is connected only with the "pure" ahistorical present ... Thus, many neurotic patients say that they would prefer to live "away from the struggle for existence," somewhere on a secluded sunny island, in idleness and idleness. This can only be suitable for animals, but not for humans. Only to such a patient in deep oblivion can it seem acceptable and, ultimately, worthy of a person to live, like Dionysus, away from everything that happens. A "normal" person (both in the sense of "average" and in the sense of "conforming to ethical standards") can only sometimes afford to disconnect from everything except the experienced moment, and then only to a certain extent.
The time and situation for this is a matter of conscious choice. You can, for example, "take a vacation" from your daily obligations and deliberately seek oblivion in alcohol. During the period of such voluntarily and artificially caused attacks of uncontrollability, a person from time to time consciously throws off the burden of his real responsibility. But, in essence and in the final analysis, a person, at least a person of Western civilization, is constantly subject to the dictates of values, which he must creatively implement. This does not mean that he cannot channel his creativity to forget himself in the intoxication and drown his own sense of responsibility. None of us is guaranteed against this danger, which Scheler characterized as such a passion for the means of realizing values, in which the ultimate goal is forgotten - these values ​​themselves. To this should be added the great multitude of those who, working hard throughout the week, on Sunday find themselves seized with a feeling of emptiness and meaninglessness of their own lives - a day free from work makes them realize this feeling. Such people, victims of "weekend neurosis", get drunk in order to escape the terror of inner emptiness.
Although questions about the meaning of life are most frequent and especially urgent in adolescence, they can arise in a more mature age - for example, as a result of a deep emotional shock. And just as the adolescent's preoccupation with this issue is by no means a painful symptom, the mental suffering and crises of an adult, already an established person struggling in search of the content of his own life, have nothing to do with pathology. Logotherapy and existential analysis try to deal mainly with those mental disorders that do not belong to the category of diseases in the clinical sense, since the main purpose of our "psychotherapy in the spiritual sense" is to cope with the suffering that is caused by the philosophical problems faced by life. However, even in the presence of clinical symptoms of some disorders, logotherapy can help the patient, since it is able to give him that strong mental support, which a normal person does not really need, but which is extremely necessary for a mentally unprotected person to compensate for this insecurity. In no case should a person's spiritual problems be described as "symptoms." In any case, they are "dignity" (using the opposition of Oswald Schwartz), expressing the level of comprehension achieved by the patient, or the level of it that he must achieve with our help. This is especially true for those who lost their peace of mind not due to internal reasons (such as neurosis), but under the influence of purely external factors. Among such people, it is worth highlighting those who, say, have lost a loved one, to whom they have devoted their whole life, and are now tormented by the question of whether their own future life makes sense. A person whose belief in the meaningfulness of his own existence is undermined by such a crisis is especially pitying. He loses that spiritual core that can be revived only by an infinitely life-affirming worldview. Without such a core (which does not have to be clearly understood and definitely formulated in order to perform its function), a person is unable to in difficult periods of life. Gather your strength to resist the blows of fate.
How decisive is the life-affirming attitude and how organic it is to the biological nature of man, can be shown by the following example.
A large-scale statistical study of longevity showed that all centenarians took a calm and confident life-affirming attitude. A person's philosophical position cannot but manifest itself sooner or later. For example, melancholic people, although they try to hide their fundamental denial of life, never completely succeed. Their latent longing is easy to discover with the right method of psychiatric research. If we suspect that the melancholic is only pretending to be free from the urge to commit suicide, this is not at all difficult to verify, for example, using the following procedure.
We first ask the patient if he is contemplating suicide and if he is still carrying the desire to commit suicide that he has expressed in the past. He will always answer this question in the negative - and this denial will be the more stubborn, the more he pretends. Then we ask him a question, the answer to which allows us to judge whether he is really getting rid of his depression or only trying to hide it. We ask (no matter how cruel the question may sound) why he doesn't think (or no longer thinks) about suicide. A melancholic who does not really have suicidal intentions or who has overcome them will answer without hesitation that he should think about his family or work or something like that. However, anyone who tries to deceive the doctor will immediately be embarrassed. He will be at a loss, finding no arguments to support his "false" statement of life. As a rule, such a patient will try to change the topic of the conversation and express his open demand to be released from the hospital. People are psychologically incapable of coming up with false arguments in favor of life in general and in favor of continuing their own life in particular, when thoughts of suicide take hold of them more and more. If such arguments really existed, they would always be ready and in this case the patients would no longer be driven by the urge to commit suicide.
The question of the meaning of life can be approached in different ways. First of all, let's leave aside the problem of the meaning and design of the world as a whole, as well as the confusion we experience before fate, our resistance to the tests that fall to our lot, since positive answers to these questions relate to the field of religion. For a religious person who believes in Providence, such a question may not exist at all. For the rest of humanity, the first step is to frame this question in an appropriate way. First of all, we must determine whether it is permissible to ask the question about the meaning of the whole, whether the question itself makes sense.
Indeed, we must confine ourselves to a more specific and particular issue. We cannot begin to figure out the "design" of the universe. A design is always transcendental - insofar as it is always external to everything that "possesses" this design. Thus, at best we can comprehend the meaning of the universe in the form of super-meaning, meaning by this that the meaning of the whole remains incomprehensible and lies beyond the comprehensible. This concept of meaning is similar to the Kantian postulate of causality - our mind requires its existence, although it is not able to comprehend it.
At one time, Pascal noticed that a branch can never comprehend the meaning of the whole tree. Modern biology has shown that every living creature is closed in its specific environment and is practically unable to break out of it. And although man occupies an exceptional position, although he may be unusually receptive to the world and the whole world can act as his environment, yet who can guarantee that there is no super-world outside this world? Perhaps, like an animal that is hardly able to get out of its niche in order to understand the higher world of man, a person himself is hardly able to comprehend the superworld, although he can approach it, for example, in religion or at certain moments of enlightenment. The domestic animal does not know the purpose for which a person tames him. So how can a person know what the "ultimate" goal of his life is, what is the "super meaning" of the universe? We cannot agree with N. Hartmann's assertion that a person's freedom and responsibility are opposed to expediency, which is hidden from him, but on which he depends. Hartmann himself admits that human freedom is "freedom in spite of dependence", as the freedom of the human mind rises above the laws governing nature and acts on its own, higher level of being, which is autonomous despite its dependence on lower levels of being ... From our point of view, a similar relationship between the area of ​​human freedom and the area that is higher in relation to man is quite acceptable, so that a person has free will, despite the fate prepared for him by Providence, just like a pet lives by its instincts, even when serving a person. After all, man also uses these instincts for their own purposes.
Thus, we consider the relationship of the human world to the superworld as analogous to the relationship of the "environment" of the animal (Excul) to the "environment" of man. Schleich very convincingly and beautifully expressed this relationship with the words: "God sat down at the organ of possibilities and created the world. Poor creatures, which we humans are, can only hear the voice of man. If it is so beautiful, one can imagine the magnificence of Himself!" It is obvious that belief in super-meaning, both in the metaphysical concept and in the religious sense of Providence, has tremendous psychotherapeutic and psycho-hygienic significance. Like true faith based on inner strength, such faith makes a person much more resilient. There is ultimately nothing meaningless for such a belief. Nothing arises "in vain", "not a single action remains unexplained" (according to Wildgans). It turns out that something similar to the law of conservation of spiritual energy appears in the world. Not a single great thought can be lost, even if it never reached people, even if it was "carried away to the grave." According to this law, not a single drama or tragedy of a person's inner life was ever wasted, even if they were played out in secret, not noted, not glorified by any novelist. The "novel" lived through by each individual remains incomparably more grandiose work than any one ever written on paper. Each of us, one way or another, realizes that the content of his life is preserved and protected somewhere. Thus, time, successive years, cannot affect the meaning and value of our life. The past is also a kind of being, and perhaps the most reliable. From this point of view, all productive actions in a person's life can represent the "salvation" of opportunities through their implementation. Although these possibilities are already in the past, they are stored there forever safe, and time has no more power over them.
Above, we have already considered the question of meaning in relation to the general meaning of the universe. We will now consider a number of cases when patients are looking for an answer to the question about the meaning of their own, private life. Many patients are characterized by a distorted formulation of this question, which inevitably leads them to ethical nihilism. The patient, as a rule, will categorically assert that the meaning of life is pleasure. Defending his point of view, he will put forward as an undeniable discovery that all human activity is governed by the desire for happiness, that all mental processes are determined exclusively by the principle of pleasure. The concept of the dominant role of the pleasure principle in the entire psychic life is, as is known, one of the basic tenets of psychoanalysis; the reality principle is not actually opposed to the pleasure principle, but is only an extension of it and serves its purposes.
So, from our point of view, the pleasure principle is an artificial psychological construction. Pleasure is not the goal of our aspirations, but a consequence of their satisfaction. Kant noted this in his time. Likewise, Scheler, discussing hedonistic ethics (eudemonism), noticed that pleasure does not appear before us as the goal of moral action; rather, on the contrary, moral action entails pleasure. A theory based on the pleasure principle overlooks an important quality of all mental activity — intentionality. In general, people do not want pleasure as such, they just want what they want. Human desire can correspond to any set of goals - of the most varied kinds - while pleasure always appears in the same form, regardless of whether it is delivered in a moral or immoral way. Hence it is obvious that the acceptance of the pleasure principle would lead - ethically - to an alignment of all potential human goals. And it would become impossible to distinguish one action from another, since they would all pursue the same goal. With this approach, one could say that a certain amount of money spent on their own food, or the same amount distributed in the form of alms, served the same purpose: in each of these cases, the person spent money to get rid of his unpleasant feelings ...
It is worth defining behavior in this way, and you will devalue any truly moral impulse in a person. In fact, the feeling of sympathy is moral in itself, even before it is embodied in an action that supposedly has only negative meaning - the elimination of displeasure. One and the same situation can arouse sympathy in one and arouse the gloating joy of a sadist in another, who rejoices in the misfortune of others and experiences thus expressed pleasure. If it were true, for example, that we only read a good book for the pleasure we experience while reading, we might just as well spend money on a good cake. In reality, our life has little to do with pleasure or displeasure. It is not so important for the spectator in the theater what he is watching - a comedy or a tragedy; what attracts him is the content and its own true value of the play. Of course, no one will argue that the negative emotional experiences that take possession of the audience, carried away by tragic events on the stage, constitute the real purpose of their visit to the theater. In this case, all theater-goers could be considered masochists in disguise.
However, the inconsistency of the assertion that pleasure is the ultimate goal of all (and not just some individual) aspirations is convincingly confirmed by the logical analysis "by contradiction." If it were true, for example, that Napoleon conducted his military campaigns only in order to experience the pleasure of victory (such feelings a common soldier could experience, filling his belly, getting drunk or indulging in debauchery), then the opposite should also be true: " the ultimate goal of "the last battles fatal for Napoleon, the" ultimate design "of his defeats could only be the negative experiences that accompany these defeats, just as the feeling of pleasure was caused by victories.
If the whole meaning of life is reduced to pleasure, in the end we will inevitably come to the fact that life seems to us devoid of meaning. Pleasure can never give meaning to life. For what is pleasure? Condition. A materialist - and hedonism is usually associated with materialism - would even say that pleasure is nothing more than a state of brain cells. And is it worth living, feeling, suffering, and doing things for the sake of just causing such a state? Suppose a person sentenced to death is asked a few hours before execution to choose a menu for his last meal. Most likely, he will answer: does it make sense in the face of death to indulge yourself with taste sensations? As soon as the body turns into a corpse in just two hours, does it matter whether or not it will have another opportunity to experience the state of brain cells called pleasure? So the whole life is constantly faced with death, which inevitably negates this element of pleasure. Any unfortunate person, for whom all life is reduced to the pursuit of pleasure, would have to doubt every moment of such a life, if he were at least somewhat consistent. He would be in the same state of mind as one of my patients, hospitalized after a suicide attempt. This patient described his experiences to me as follows. To carry out his plan of suicide, he had to get to the outskirts of the city. The trams were no longer running, so he decided to take a taxi. “Then I changed my mind,” he said, “why should I spend money on a taxi? And then I could not help smiling at my own desire to save a few marks just before my death.”
Life itself teaches most of us that "we are not in this world to enjoy." For those who have not yet learned this lesson, the data of one Russian experimental psychologist will be instructive, who showed that, on average, a normal person experiences incomparably more negative emotions (displeasure) than positive ones (pleasure) every day. A simple example demonstrates how unsatisfactory the pleasure principle is, both in theory and in practice. If we ask a person why he does not do what, in our opinion, should be done, and he refuses simply because he does not want to do it, since it will not give him pleasure, then such an answer will seem to us clearly unsatisfactory. Obviously, this answer is insufficient because we never consider pleasure or displeasure as an argument for or against a particular action.
The pleasure principle could not have constituted an acceptable moral maxim even in the form in which it was stated by Freud in his work "Beyond the Pleasure Principle", namely as a derivative of the general tendency of organic life to return to the state of rest of the inorganic world. Freud believed that he could prove the similarity of all kinds of desire for pleasure and what he called the death instinct. In our opinion, it is quite possible that all these primary psychological and biological tendencies could be reduced to an even more universal principle of tension reduction, according to which any fragment of being develops in the direction of reducing the tension contained in it. A similar law is recognized in physics, in the theory of entropy, which describes the movement of the world to the final state of complete uncertainty. Nirvana, for example, might be considered the psychological correlate of entropy; the reduction of all mental tension by liberation from negative experiences in this case could be considered as the microcosmic equivalent of macrocosmic entropy. In other words, nirvana can be defined as "the entropy seen from within." However, the principle of stress reduction in itself would contradict the principle of identity, according to which everything that exists seeks to preserve its uniqueness, individuality, distinction from everything else. The very existence of such an opposition suggests that such universal principles and such universal laws in the moral sense will lead us into tunics, since these phenomena have practically no effect on our subjective world and moral behavior. What makes us identify with these principles and trends? To what extent should our morality accept these principles, even if we find them in our own mental life? It is equally likely that we could take a position in which our moral task is to confront the power of such forces.
In fact, our education, largely based on materialism, has formed in us an exaggerated reverence for the discoveries and laws of the so-called exact sciences. We unconditionally accept the picture of the world built in physics. But how real, for example, is the entropy that physicists frighten us with - how real is this universal doom, this universal catastrophe predicted by physics and in the light of which all our efforts and the efforts of our descendants are reduced to zero? Do we really not know from our inner experience, from our everyday life, far from any theories, that the natural charm that the magnificent colors of the sunset evoke in us is in a sense more real than, say, astronomical calculations of that moment in time, when will the earth collide with the sun? Could anything be given to us more directly than our own personal experience, our deep sense of our own humanity and responsibility? “The most definite knowledge is consciousness,” someone noticed. And no theory about the physiological nature of life, nor the statement that pleasure is a strictly organized "dance" of molecules, atoms or electrons inside the gray matter of our brain, have never been so convincing and irrefutable as this simple idea. In the same way, a person experiencing higher aesthetic emotions or the happiness of shared love does not even for a moment doubt that his life has meaning.
However, joy can make life meaningful only if it has meaning itself. The meaning of joy cannot be contained in it. In reality, this meaning lies outside of it - because joy is always directed towards some object. Scheler has shown convincingly that joy is a directed emotion - as opposed to mere pleasure, which he considers an undirected emotion and refers to the class of so-called "state emotions." Pleasure is thus an emotional state. Here we again return to Erwin Strauss and his ideas about the "momentary" mode of life. In this mode, a person remains in a conditional state of pleasure (say, intoxicated), without reaching the world of objects, which in this case would act as the world of values. An individual feels true joy only when emotions act as values. This explains why joy can never be an end in itself - joy itself cannot be pursued as a goal. How well this thought is expressed in Kierkegaard's maxim: "The door to happiness opens outward." And the one who, trying to open this door, pushes it forward, only closes it even more tightly! A person who desperately strives for a feeling of happiness, thus, cuts off his path to it. In the end, it turns out that no pursuit of happiness in itself can be either the basic principle or the ultimate goal of human life.
The value at which an action is directed is transcendental to that action itself. It goes beyond its framework, just as the object of a cognitive action is outside the boundaries of a given cognitive act (in the narrow sense of the word). It is well known from phenomenology that the oversituational qualities of the object of an intentional action are always present in the content of this action. If I see a burning lamp, the fact of its existence in space and in time is something given, independent of my perception, even if I close my eyes or turn my back to this lamp. In my perception of an object as something really existing, it is implied that I recognize its reality regardless of my or someone else's perception. The same is true for objects of value perception. As soon as I comprehend any value, I automatically realize that this value exists by itself, regardless of whether I accept it or not.
Let's consider a specific example. Suppose someone notices that the apparent aesthetic appeal of his erotic partner exists for him only as long as he is in a state of sexual arousal. He discovers that as this feeling weakens, aesthetic values ​​and visible beauty somehow disappear. From this he concludes that the attractiveness of his partner as such does not really exist - it is simply the result of perception distorted by sensuality; that it is therefore not an objective value, but rather a relative value that depends on the specific state of his organism and obeys his own internal instincts.
But this conclusion is unfair. A certain subjective state is undoubtedly a necessary condition for certain values ​​to become visible in principle; undoubtedly, in order to realize these values, a person needs, as in the case described above, a special specific sensitivity. But this does not in any way disprove the objectivity of values, but rather implies them. Both ethical and aesthetic values ​​are similar to objects of perception - in the sense that appropriate actions are required to comprehend them; and at the same time, these actions reveal the irreducibility of all these objects to the actions by which they are revealed, which confirms their objectivity. All this, however, does not contradict the already noted fact that our values, as well as our worldview position, allow us to see in each specific case only a fragment of reality. In other words, what we see is limited by our own individual perspective. Perhaps we underestimate the universality of the law, according to which human responsibility manifests itself only in a specific life task. Objective values ​​become specific responsibilities, "molded" into the form of daily requirements and individual and personal life tasks. The values ​​underlying these objectives can be achieved, obviously, only through their solution. It is possible that each specific commitment is some part of something whole, never visible to the individual, who is always limited by the angle of view of his everyday obligations.
Each human personality is something unique, each life situation occurs only once. The specific task of any person is always associated with his uniqueness and originality. Thus, at any given moment, everyone can have only one single task. The world of values ​​is therefore seen from the point of view of an individual, and for each given situation there is one and only suitable view. Accordingly, an absolutely correct idea of ​​something exists not despite the relativity of individual points of view, but thanks to them.
We have therefore attempted to counter the skepticism so often expressed by our patients with the counterarguments necessary to soften the acuteness of moral nihilism. But often, in addition to this, it becomes necessary to reveal all the wealth of the world of values, to explain how wide its boundaries are. Indeed, despite our concept of a special life task, people must be ready for change. Sometimes it happens that a certain task is not given to a person, while as an alternative another appears, with its own specific set of values. A person must develop flexibility in himself in order to be able to switch to another value group, if she, and only she, is able to provide him with the opportunity to realize values. Life requires a person to be spiritually flexible so that he can adjust his efforts in accordance with the opportunities that it provides him.
How often does one of our patients complain about his life, which, according to him, is meaningless, since his activities have no high purpose. It is here that we must argue with him, showing that the position occupied by a person, his profession, mean absolutely nothing. The decisive factor is how it works, whether it fits the place it is in. The radius of his activity does not matter, it is only important whether he copes with the range of his duties.
An ordinary person, who really copes with the specific tasks that his position in society and in the family sets before him, despite his "small" life, is "greater" than a "great" statesman who is able to decide the fate of millions with a stroke of the pen, but whose immoral decisions can carry irreparable evil. Any impartial judge will appreciate such a "small" life higher than, for example, the existence of a surgeon who is entrusted with the lives of many and many patients, but who does his extremely difficult task weakly, while realizing the enormous responsibility that assigned to him.
The values ​​that are realized in productive creative actions, we will call "constructive". In addition to the creative ones, there are values ​​that are realized in experiences - these are the "values ​​of experience". They manifest in our sensitivity to the phenomena of the world around us - for example, in reverence for the beauty of nature or works of art. Do not underestimate the fullness of meaning that our life acquires thanks to these values. The highest meaning of each given moment of human existence is determined simply by the intensity of his experience and does not depend on any action whatsoever. For those who doubt this, consider the following situation. Imagine a true connoisseur of music sitting in a concert hall and absorbed in the noble sound of your favorite symphony. He is seized with the same emotional thrill that we experience in the face of pure beauty. Let us now try to ask him at this very moment whether his life makes sense. And he will surely answer that it was really worth living, if only for the sake of experiencing such a moment of spiritual ecstasy. For even though we are talking about a single moment, the greatness of life can be measured by the greatness of the moment: after all, the height of a mountain range is determined not by the height of some valley, but by the size of the highest peak. Likewise, life peaks determine the meaningfulness of all life, and a single event can retroactively fill a previous existence with meaning. Ask a climber who has watched a mountain sunset and felt this splendor of nature to the point of "creeping on the skin" - ask him if, after these experiences, he will ever be able to feel such fullness and meaning in his life ...
It is also possible to define a third possible category of values ​​- since life remains basically meaningful, even when it is fruitless in a creative sense and not rich in experiences. This third group of values ​​is the attitude of a person to the factors that limit his life. It is the reaction of a person to the limitations of his capabilities that opens up a fundamentally new type of values ​​for him, which belong to the category of the highest values. Thus, even an apparently meager existence — existence poor in terms of both creative values ​​and the values ​​of experience — still leaves a person with the last and, in fact, the highest opportunity for the realization of values. We will call values ​​of this kind "attitude values". For what is really significant is the attitude of a person to the fate that befell him. In other words, a person, facing his fate and forced to accept it, still has the opportunity to realize the values ​​of the relationship. The way he accepts the hardships of life, how he carries his cross, the courage that he shows in suffering, the dignity that he shows when he is sentenced and doomed - all this is a measure of how much he has taken place as a person.
As soon as the list of categories of values ​​is replenished with values ​​of attitude, it becomes obvious that human existence in its essence can never be meaningless. Human life is full of meaning until the very end - until his very last breath. And until consciousness has left a person, he is constantly obliged to realize values ​​and be responsible. He is responsible for the realization of values ​​until the last moment of his existence. And even if he has few opportunities for this, the values ​​of the relationship remain always available to him.
Thus, in the moral sphere, the thesis that we put forward at the beginning is confirmed, that to be human means to be conscious and responsible.
Every time life provides a person with the opportunity to realize the values ​​of one or another group. Either it requires us to realize creative values, then we feel the need to turn to the category of experiential values. At some moments life calls us to enrich this world with our own actions, at other times we enrich ourselves with experiences. To fulfill his destiny, a person must either act or indulge in the charm of the experience. It can also be a person's “responsibility” to experience joy. In this sense, one can be accused of a disdainful attitude to his duties of a person who, sitting in a tram, has the opportunity to contemplate the splendor of the sunset or inhale the fragrance of flowering acacias, and instead continues without stopping to read the newspaper.
One dying person, about the last events of whose life we ​​will describe below, consistently and dramatically realized all three categories of values. This young man was hospitalized with a diagnosis of an inoperable spinal cord tumor. He had to leave his profession a long time ago, he was paralyzed and could not work. Thus, he had no opportunity at all to realize creative values. But even in such a difficult state, the world of the values ​​of experience was available to him. He spent time in lively conversations with other patients - entertaining, encouraging, comforting them. He read good books and especially liked listening to good music on the radio. However, the day came when he could no longer endure the onslaught of sound through the headphones, his completely paralyzed hands no longer held the book at all. A new stage in his life has begun; and if earlier he was forced to move from creative values ​​to the realization of the values ​​of experience, now he had to retreat even further - only the values ​​of the relationship remained available to him. Otherwise, you cannot characterize his behavior - after all, now he took on the role of an advisor, mentor to the patients who were nearby, tried his best to be an example for them with his behavior. He bore his suffering with courage. A day before his death - and he foresaw the day of his death - he learned that the doctor on duty had been assigned to give him an injection of morphine at night. And what did this patient do? When the doctor went around the patients in the afternoon, the young man asked him to give this injection in the evening - so that because of him the doctor would not interrupt his night's rest.
Shouldn't we ask ourselves if we have the right to deprive an incurably ill patient of the opportunity to "die his own death," the opportunity to fill our existence with meaning until the very last moment, even if the only area available to the patient is only the sphere of realizing the values ​​of the relationship: the only thing that the suffering person can do - is it to change your attitude to your own sufferings when they reach their highest point and end? The way he dies - as soon as he really dies his own death - is an integral part of his life; it kind of sums up the whole life of a person, filling it with meaning until the last moment. Here we touch upon the problem of euthanasia, or "getting rid of suffering by killing." Euthanasia in its narrow, original sense as an easy, painless death has never presented a problem for doctors. We take it for granted that doctors soften their death throes with medication. His own tact and intuition help the doctor determine when to resort to this, and no one comes to condemn it. However, killing with a medicinal method was used repeatedly, not only with humane intentions: in certain circles, voices were heard in defense of such a method, in order to legitimize the killing of people whose life was allegedly no longer valuable.
In response to such suggestions, we, first of all, must answer that it is not for the doctor to determine whether the life of any person has value or not. Society has given the doctor the only duty - to help whenever he can; reduce pain where he sees fit; to treat as best he can and to care for the terminally ill. If the patients and their loved ones were not convinced that the doctor is serious and careful about fulfilling the duties assigned to him, they would never again trust him. After all, otherwise the patient would not be sure who the doctor would be for him now - an assistant or an executioner.
This provision is principled and does not allow for any exceptions. It applies to incurable mental illness as well as to somatic illness. Moreover, who would dare to say that a mental illness that is currently considered incurable will always be so? We must not forget that, although a psychiatrist can be absolutely categorical when diagnosing an incurable mental illness, he can never be so sure of this to decide whether the patient has a right to exist or not. We know of a case when a man was confined to bed for five years (life in him was supported solely by artificial nutrition) until his leg muscles atrophied. A person far from such problems would naturally ask: wouldn't it be better to help the unfortunate man die? However, things took an unexpected turn. The day came when the patient asked to be allowed to eat normally, like everyone else, at the table; he expressed a desire to get up. He tried to walk, and gradually his previously atrophied leg muscles recovered. A few weeks later he was discharged from the hospital, and soon the former patient was already lecturing on the travels he had made before his illness. Once, when he had a chance to speak in front of a small group of psychiatrists, he told them about his experiences during the development of his illness - and some of those present felt very embarrassed, because at one time they did not take the treatment of his illness seriously enough, in no way suggesting that a few years later, this living corpse will be able to intelligibly describe everything that happened to him.
It may be argued that a mentally ill person is unable to take care of his own interests. Thus, the doctor acts, so to speak, the spokesman for his sick will and must decide when to deprive the patient of his life, since it seems to be a matter of course that if the patient's consciousness was not clouded, he himself would wish to be spared further deterioration of his states.
However, the logotherapist takes a completely different point of view. By his actions, the doctor must help the patient to realize his desire to live and his right to life. It is not for a doctor to deprive a patient of this right. The following case is instructive in this respect. The young doctor developed melanosarcoma, and he correctly diagnosed himself. And in vain his colleagues tried to convince him otherwise. They even went on to deceive, falsifying the results of his tests. The young doctor nevertheless entered the laboratory at night and repeated all the tests himself. His illness developed, and his friends began to fear that he would not resort to suicide. But instead, the young doctor began to doubt more and more the correctness of the diagnosis, which he had initially made himself. When metastases to the liver began, he, studying the symptoms of the disease, already diagnosed himself with harmless liver damage. Thus, he subconsciously deceived himself, since in the last stages of the disease, the desire to live rises against impending death. We must respect in a person this desire to live, and not deprive him of the right to life for the sake of any convictions.
This argument is also common. It is emphasized that people suffering from an incurable mental illness, especially those who are mentally retarded from birth, constitute an unnecessary ballast for the economy of society - after all, they parasitize on it, without producing anything. What can we answer to such a statement? In fact, an idiot who at least pushes a car is much more "productive" than some old man or old woman who spends their last days in harmless senile dementia and whose relatives would be horrified at the mere thought that from their old people can get rid of only because they can no longer be of benefit to society. (And these lovely people respecting old age can propose to kill disabled people who are not suitable for society.) Everyone must admit that a person surrounded by loving relatives, a person who is an irreplaceable object of their love, is already a person whose life is not meaningless, although the meaning is in this case it can be passive. However, not everyone realizes that mentally retarded children, as a rule, precisely because of their helplessness, are so infinitely loved and tenderly protected by their parents.
We believe that a doctor is obliged to save a person, even if there is a patient in front of him who attempted suicide and whose life now hangs in the balance. In such a situation, the doctor will have to decide whether he should not leave such a person to the fate he has chosen for himself, whether he should prevent the suicide from carrying out his plan, since this intention manifested itself in action, and whether he should respect this desire. We might be told that the physician who interferes with the attempted suicide takes on the role of arbiter of fate, rather than allowing fate to take place. To this we answer: if fate really prepared a person for death, it would always find a way to make the doctor's help come too late. If, on the other hand, a suicide falls into the hands of a doctor, when he can still be saved, the doctor must do what his profession obliges him to do, and never take on the role of fate and decide, based on his own philosophical convictions - or even arbitrarily - to leave the patient alive. or not.
In the previous discussion, we analyzed the problem of suicide from the point of view of an external observer-doctor who can take any position on this issue. Let us now try to look at this problem from the inside, try to convey how the person sees it in a depressed state, analyze his motives and see if there is any inner justification for them.
The concept of "rational suicide" is often used. It describes the ability of a person, having summed up a conscious result of his entire life, to make a decision to refuse further existence. Since, as we have already noted, pleasure is identified with a positive asset in life, this result may well turn out to be negative. The question, however, is whether such an outcome can be so negative that the continuation of life appears to a person hopelessly devalued?
First of all, we tend to doubt: is everyone able to evaluate their life with sufficient objectivity? This is especially true when a person comes to the conclusion that their problems are insoluble or that the only possible solution is suicide. As strong as this belief is, it still remains subjective. If out of all the multitude of people who have attempted suicide, considering their situation hopeless, at least one turns out to be wrong, if in at least one case there is an alternative to suicide in the end, then we will have to conclude that not a single suicide attempt can actually be justified. For anyone who has decided to commit suicide has a firm subjective conviction that for him this is the only justified way out. But no one can know in advance whether he is assessing the situation correctly and whether he is objective in his judgments, or literally in an hour the events will show that he was wrong - and he may not live to see this hour.
Theoretically, of course, it is possible to admit and justify suicide if it is a conscious sacrifice - and in this case it can be attributed to the category of truly moral actions. However, we know from experience that the urge to commit suicide, even of this type, in reality often comes from feelings of resentment or resentment, anger or resentment - in short, where, in the end, a way out of a seemingly hopeless situation can be found. Therefore, we will take the liberty of generalizing: no suicide can be morally justified. Nor can it represent redemption. For suicide not only deprives a person of the opportunity to develop and gain experience as a result of his own suffering (thus realizing the value of the relationship), but also deprives him of the opportunity to atone for the suffering that he himself caused others. Thus, suicide will never pay for the past. Instead of doing away with past misfortunes or injustice, the suicide simply ends up with his own self.
Now let's turn to those cases where the urge to commit suicide is determined by a morbid state of mind. It is possible that rigorous psychiatric research will establish that all suicide is committed on a psychopathological basis, but we will not delve into this issue here. We limit ourselves to the assertion that the very idea of ​​suicide is fundamentally the opposite of the idea that life is full of meaning for every human being under any circumstances. We believe that this can be strengthened by objective arguments and analysis of this problem in its own terms and concepts - in a word, by the methods of logotherapy. It should be emphasized that human weariness with life is purely emotional in nature, and emotions have never been a convincing argument. In a moral sense, this question could mean: should a person succumb to such weariness and melancholy? (In moral terms, the pleasure of life in itself, in principle, cannot be an argument in favor of its continuation.) Where no psychopathological basis is revealed, where, therefore, there is no starting point for traditional psychotherapy (in the narrow sense of the word), the method of logotherapy becomes literally irreplaceable. The difference between this method and traditional psychotherapy is convincingly shown by the following case.
The patient was admitted to a psychiatric institute with suspicion of suicidal intentions, which he himself did not deny. He, however, had no external psychiatric symptoms. The arguments he presented to the director of the institute seemed logically flawless. He argued that everyone has the freedom to decide whether to strive to continue life or not. Full of dignity and credibility, he protested that he was imprisoned, while he was not found to have any mental disorder. The director of the clinic ordered that the diagnosis "mentally healthy" be entered into the history of this patient and discharged it. The patient was about to leave the hospital and this life itself, when one of the psychiatrists, convinced that mental health could hide mental confusion, called him into conversation. In a surprisingly short time, the doctor was able to explain to this patient that human freedom is not "freedom from", but "freedom for" - freedom to accept responsibility. In the course of their further conversation, all the pseudological grounds for suicide in this person dissipated.
Of course, this doctor was not acting like an ordinary therapist. However, his behavior was, of course, justified - in fact, he had no other choice: it was a philosophical discussion between doctor and patient that was the only means that helped lead the latter to accept life in the short time that the doctor had at his disposal.
In this conversation there was both a logotherapeutic stage - a discussion of the philosophical foundations of suicide - and a stage of psychotherapy proper: the doctor tried to understand the reasons of a psychological nature that pushed the patient to suicide. The psychotherapy helped to reveal that one of the motives that moved the patient was the desire to take revenge on the society that had treated him badly. It is significant that, having undergone a course of treatment, the same patient decided to show others who he was, what he was and how full of meaning his life was. During the conversation with the doctor, the patient stressed that the reason that prompted him to commit suicide was not financial difficulties, that money would not help him. He lacks the "content" of life, and he "runs away from emptiness."
We have already talked about the freedom to take responsibility. But this freedom itself affirms a sense of responsibility. Even in the most radical form of escape from responsibility - in flight from life itself by suicide - a person cannot escape his own sense of responsibility. Since he freely decides to commit suicide and implements it (in the event that, of course, if he is mentally healthy), he cannot get away from what he is running from: he is not let go of a sense of responsibility. Nor can he find what he is looking for, namely a solution to the problem. For we must emphasize over and over again that suicide, in principle, cannot solve any problems. We have to show the patient that he is like a chess player who, when faced with a very difficult chess problem, simply brushes pieces off the board. But you can't solve the problem in this way. It is the same as not to solve life problems by destroying this life. As, throwing pieces off the board, a chess player violates the rules of the game, so also a person who attempts suicide violates the rules of life. The rules of the game of life do not provide for victory at any cost, but these rules require us to fight relentlessly.
We want to teach our patients what Albert Schweitzer called reverence for life. But to convince our patients that life has some unconditional value is possible only if we manage to help them fill life with some meaning, to determine the purpose of their existence, in other words, to set ourselves a certain life task. “If a person has a reason for life, he will endure almost any of its conditions,” says Nietzsche. A person's conviction that he has something to live for is of great psychotherapeutic and psycho-hygienic value. We will take the liberty of saying that nothing helps a person to overcome objective difficulties and endure subjective troubles like the consciousness that he is faced with a vital task. This is especially evident in the case when this task seems to a person as if specially intended for him personally, when it is something like a "mission". Such a task helps a person to feel his indispensability, his life acquires value just because it is unique. The above quotation from Nietzsche means in this context that the "conditions" of life - that is, the difficulties and adversities inherent in it - recede into the background when and to the extent that and to what extent the "foundations" for life come to the fore. But not only that. If we consider life from the point of view of its inherent life tasks, one cannot help but come to the conclusion that life is always the more meaningful, the more difficult it is given. A good natural analogy here can be the position of an athlete: a real athlete sets himself a task that will allow him to assert himself as much as possible in case of victory. Take hurdles, for example, or the well-established tradition of giving a head start in running or jumping. Why don't we use the difficulties of everyday life in order to test our own character or to develop strength and courage?
Our goal should be to help the patient master the most active life position available to him, to transfer him, so to speak, from a "suffering" state to an "active-effective" one. With this in mind, we cannot be limited only to the movement towards the fact that a person realizes his existence as a constant effort aimed at realizing values.
We must also explain to him that the life task for which he is responsible is always specific. And this specificity is twofold: firstly, the tasks are different for different people - and this depends on the originality and uniqueness of each person. Secondly, even a personal task changes every day and hour, depending on the specificity of each current situation. We only need to remind ourselves of those values ​​that Scheler called "situational" - in contrast to "eternal", enduring values ​​that have meaning always and for everyone. In a sense, situational values ​​are always "somewhere behind the scenes" waiting in the wings, and a person has, in fact, the only opportunity to realize them. If this opportunity is missed, it is lost forever; the situational value remains unrealized. For a person, this value is lost forever.
Thus, we see that it is largely due to the originality and uniqueness that human existence acquires meaning. The modern philosophy of existentialism is credited with asserting that human existence is inherently concrete and subjective. The existentialists helped bring moral responsibility back to the table. It is no coincidence that the philosophy of existentialism was called the philosophy of "appeal." Indeed, presenting a person's life as something peculiar and inimitable, she implicitly calls on people in their own lives to realize these inimitable and unique opportunities.
The purpose of existential analysis and logotherapy is to help a person achieve maximum focus on the life task before him. Then we must show him that the life of every person has its own, unique goal, to the achievement of which there is only one path. Following this path, a person is like a pilot who is "led" by radio beacons to the airport in the fog of the night, where he will have to land a plane blindly. The method used in this case is well known: the radio station located at the airport sends two different Morse signals in the direction of the approaching aircraft, each of the signals covering a sector. At the border of these sectors - and the border is the planned correct course - the pilot hears a stable signal. The pilot can reach the target only on the course indicated by these Morse signals. Like a pilot, each of us has our own, unique life course, following which we can realize our personal, only given to us opportunities.
If the patient declares that he does not know the meaning of his life, that he does not know any unique possibilities of his existence, then we will formulate the primary task for him in this way: he must himself determine his own goal, try to understand the uniqueness and originality of his own life. As for the internal reserves of each person - in other words, how can a person figure out what he should be, as opposed to what he is, - the best answer to this question is G „those:“ How do we know ourselves? Reflecting, never, but Try to do your duty, and soon you will know who you are. And then what is your duty? The demands of every day. "
And yet there are people who recognize the uniqueness of life, who want to realize its specific, unique situational values, who still regard their situation as "hopeless." We must first of all ask ourselves: what does "hopeless" mean? In the end, a person is not given to predict the future, he cannot do this, if only because knowledge of the future would immediately have an impact on his present position. And this influence would be different, depending on the character of the person, on how inspiring, submissive or independent he is. Thus, in any case, a person would build his future in different ways, so that the original prediction would not be confirmed.
Since a person is not given to foresee the future, he can never accurately determine whether he will have opportunities in the future to realize values. One black prisoner sentenced to life imprisonment was sent by ship from Marseille to Devil's Island. When the ship went out to sea, a fire suddenly broke out on it. The prisoner's handcuffs were removed, and thanks to his extraordinary strength, he managed to save many of the ship's passengers. Later, he was amnestied for this heroic act. If on the quay of Marseille this man were asked whether he sees any meaning in his remaining life, he would probably answer in the negative. Nobody can know what life has in store for him, what ups and downs await him.
No one has the right to persist in underestimating their own merits. No matter how dissatisfied a person is with himself, no matter how he torments himself with reflections on his own failures and no matter how harshly he judges himself, the very fact that he does this already proves that he is not such a miserable creature as he seems to himself. Just as, by investigating the relativity of all knowledge and values, we come closer to the objectivity of these knowledge and values, moral self-condemnation brings a person closer to his ideal. Thus, the one who is able to judge himself harshly has already come into contact with the world of values ​​and begins to join it. From the moment he was able to apply the concept of the human ideal to himself, he forever ceases to be a devalued insignificance. For by this, he reaches the level of moral values ​​that save him from the meaninglessness of existence. "If in your eyes there was nothing of the sun, you would never see it ..." The same is true of those gloomy generalizations that are often caused by moral despair and make you doubt human morality in general. This way of thinking assumes that man himself is fundamentally flawed. However, this world sorrow cannot paralyze the moral actions of man. Someone might argue that, they say, all people, after all, are nothing more than selfish and that the altruistic actions that occur are actually selfish, because someone who seems to be altruistic is simply trying to free himself from the awkwardness caused by feelings of sympathy. Our answer to this will be this: first of all, getting rid of the pain of empathy is not a goal, but a result; secondly, the very fact that a person sympathizes, feels sympathy, presupposes morality in the form of true altruism. Moreover, what we said about the life of an individual also applies to the existence of all mankind: peak points are decisive in the development and assessment of any historical period - similar to the height of a mountain range. Several ideal destinies, several intellectual or moral geniuses, or even a single such person, appearing from time to time, can fully justify the existence of humanity as a whole.
If, finally, it is argued that the enduring, highest ideals of mankind are often used unworthily - as a means of achieving business or political goals, satisfying personal egoistic interests or personal vanity - this can be answered in such a way that everything said only testifies to the enduring the strength of these ideals and shows their universal validity. For if someone, in order to achieve their goals, is forced to cover up their behavior with morality, this proves that morality really is a force and, like nothing else, is capable of influencing those people who value it highly.
Thus, each person has his own goal in life, which he is able to achieve. Accordingly, existential analysis is designed to help a person realize responsibility for the realization of all his goals. The more he sees life as the fulfillment of the tasks assigned to him, the more meaningful it seems to him. And if a person who is not aware of his responsibility simply accepts life as something given, existential analysis teaches people to perceive life as a "mission." The following addition must be made here: there are people who go even further, who experience life in another dimension. They live by the experiences of the one who sends us tasks - the Almighty who endows people with their "missions". We believe that this primarily distinguishes a religious person: for him, his own existence is not only responsibility for the fulfillment of his tasks, but also responsibility to the Almighty *.
The search for specific, personal tasks is especially difficult for people suffering from neuroses, since such patients, as a rule, falsely define their tasks. For example, one woman with obsessive-compulsive disorder avoided studying scientific psychology, to which she clearly had a vocation; while she diligently exaggerated her maternal responsibilities. Using her everyday psychological intuition, she came up with a theory according to which the study of psychology turned out to be a "secondary occupation" for her, an idle game of painful consciousness. And only after, as a result of existential-analytical work with this woman, she decisively abandoned her erroneous introspection, only then she was able to "know herself by acting" and fulfill her "everyday obligations." Taking this position, she found herself able to take care of both the child and what turned out to be her vocation.
The neurotic patient usually seeks to perform any one life task to the detriment of all others. The typical neurotic is also characterized by other types of erroneous behavior. For example, he may decide to live "step by step following the program he has conceived," as one patient with obsessive neurosis said. In reality, we cannot live according to Baedecker, because in this case we would miss all the opportunities that arise only once, we would pass by the situational values, instead of realizing them.
From the point of view of an existential analysis of the life task "in general" does not exist, the very question of the task "in general" or the meaning of life "in general" is meaningless. It is similar to the question of a reporter who asked a grandmaster: "Now, maestro, tell me what is the best move in chess?" None of these questions can be answered in general terms; we must always take into account a specific situation and a specific person. If the grandmaster took the journalist's question seriously, he would have to answer as follows: "The chess player should try, as far as he can and as far as the opponent allows, to make the best move at any given moment." It is important to highlight two points here. First, "as far as it is in his power" - that is, it is necessary to take into account the inner capabilities of a person, what we call character. And secondly, the player can only "try" to make the best move in this particular situation of the game — that is, the best move with a certain arrangement of pieces on the board. If a chess player started the game with the intention of making the best, in the absolute sense of the word, move, he would be overcome by eternal doubts, he would be carried away by endless self-criticism and, at best, would lose if he did not meet the allotted time.
A person who is tormented by the question of the meaning of life is in a similar situation. For him, such a question also makes sense only in relation to any particular situation and in relation to him personally. It would be wrong from the moral point of view and psychologically abnormal to persist in the intention to perform an action that would correspond to the "highest" value, instead of modestly trying to do the best that a person is capable of in the current situation. Striving for the best for a person is simply necessary, otherwise all his efforts will be reduced to zero. But at the same time, he must be able to be content with only a gradual process of approaching the goal, which never presupposes its full achievement.
Our remarks on the question of the meaning of life are reduced to a radical criticism of the question as such, if it is posed in a general way. Asking about the meaning of life is generally a false statement of the question, since it vaguely appeals to general ideas about life, and not to everyone's own, concrete, individual existence. Perhaps we should go back and recreate the original structure of the experience. In this case, we will have to make something like the Copernican revolution and put the question of the meaning of life in a fundamentally different perspective. Namely: life itself (and no one else!) Asks people questions. As already noted, it is not for a person to question this; moreover, it would be useful for him to realize that it is for him (and no one else) to be held accountable to life; that he is forced to be responsible to her and, finally, that he can answer to life only by being responsible for life.
Perhaps now is the time to note that developmental psychology also convincingly shows that the process of "comprehension" of meaning characterizes a higher stage of development than the "appropriation" of the already known meaning "presented" to a person (Charlotte Buhler). Thus, the arguments that we tried to develop logically above are in full accordance with the direction of psychological development: they boil down to the paradoxical primacy of the answer in relation to the question. This is probably based on the fact that a person feels himself in the role of a "respondent". The guide that guides a person in his answers to the questions posed by life, in taking responsibility for his life, is his conscience. The quiet, but insistent voice of conscience, with which it "speaks" to us, is an indisputable fact experienced by everyone. And what our conscience prompts becomes our answer every time. From a psychological point of view, a religious person is one who perceives not only what is said in this way, but also the speaker himself, that is, his hearing in this sense is sharper than the hearing of an unbeliever. In the dialogue of the believer with his own conscience - in this most intimate of all possible monologues - his God becomes his interlocutor. About the meaning of death
Trying to answer the question about the meaning of life - to this most human of all questions - the individual is forced to retreat; he must understand that it is life that poses questions to him and before life he must answer. Thus, a person again turns to the basic elements of human existence - consciousness and responsibility. Existential analysis, which examines what it means to be human from the point of view of responsibility, shows that this responsibility stems from the uniqueness of the person and the situation and that with the increase of this uniqueness, so does responsibility. As we have already seen, the more unique the person and the situation in which he is at any given moment, the higher the responsibility. Uniqueness and originality, as we have already noted, are the main components of the meaning of human life.
At the same time, these two main factors of human existence make him acutely feel the finiteness of his being. Therefore, this finitude must be that which gives human existence meaning, and not that which deprives it of this meaning. This position requires a deeper discussion. First, consider the following question: can the limitation of human life in time, that is, the fact that man is mortal, deprive life of meaning?
How often do we hear arguments that death ultimately makes life completely meaningless. That, in the end, all man's creations have no meaning as long as death destroys them. So does death really rob our lives of meaning? On the contrary! For what would our life be like if it were infinite? If we were immortal, we could safely postpone each of our actions for any time. And it would not matter whether we now do something or not; every business can be done with equal success tomorrow, and the day after tomorrow, and in a year, and ten years later. In the face of death - as an absolute and inevitable end that awaits us in the future, and as the limit of our possibilities - we are obliged to make the most of the time of life allotted to us, we have no right to miss a single of the possibilities, the sum of which, as a result, makes our life truly complete meaning.
The finitude, the temporary nature, thus, are not only characteristic features of being, but also help to make it meaningful. The principle of irreversibility lies at the heart of the meaning of human existence. Therefore, human responsibility should be seen as limited in time and unique. And if, with the help of existential analysis, we want to help the patient realize his responsibility as much as possible, we must allegorically bring to his consciousness the historical nature of being, which is the source of this responsibility. For example, a doctor may ask a patient to imagine how he flips through the pages of his biography in his declining years. Let the patient admit that he has just opened a chapter that talks about the present moment in his life and that he has the magical power to decide what the next chapter is about. That is, he must imagine that he is able to correct mistakes in a decisive chapter of the unwritten, inner history of his life.
In general, the leading principle of existential analysis can be formulated as follows: you need to approach any situation as if you are living for the second time and in your past life already made a mistake similar to the one you are going to make now. As soon as a person really imagines himself in such an imaginary situation, he immediately realizes the full depth of the responsibility he bears through any moment of his life, responsibility for what the next hour of his existence will be embodied in, for what his next day will be like.
In some cases, we recommend that the patient imagine his life in the form of a film being shot, from which, however, nothing can be cut out, so that it is impossible to go back and change anything from the past. The doctor needs such examples in order to convince the patient of the historical nature of human existence, and in particular - of the irreversible nature of his own life.
In the beginning, all life is still untouched and unformed "material". However, as it "unfolds", this "material" becomes less and less and it turns more and more into a function - so that in the end, life largely consists of the experience of actions and experiences that a person has accumulated for your life path. Thus, human life resembles a radioactive element with its limited "half-life", during which its atoms decay and its substance is constantly and irreversibly transformed into energy. Since the process of nuclear decay is "directed" and irreversible, there is a similar pattern of a steady decrease in the initial amount of "material". Likewise, life, one might say, loses over time more and more of its "blank material", so that in the end it turns into "pure form". Therefore, a person is in many ways like a sculptor who works with a shapeless stone so that his material takes on an increasingly visible form. A person sculpts his life from the material that is given to him by fate: in creativity, in experiences or suffering, he creates the values ​​of his own life - each, to the best of his ability, forms either the values ​​of creativity, or the values ​​of experience, or the values ​​of a relationship.
It is also possible to introduce the factor of time into this analogy with the sculptor: it is enough to imagine that he is given a limited time to finish his work - moreover, he is not even informed about the exact date of completion of the work. So he cannot predict when he will be ordered to stop working and whether this demand will be heard in the very next minute. Thus, he is simply obliged to make the most of the time allotted to him every time - otherwise, his work risks being fatally interrupted. However, even if the time runs out before the work is completed, this in no way devalues ​​it. The "fragmentation" of life, according to Simmel, does not detract from its meaning. We will never be able to deduce the measure of its meaningfulness from the length of the life span. After all, we cannot judge a biography on the basis of the number of pages it contains or its length - we must base our assessment of any biography on the richness of its content. A heroic life, even if it ended at a young age, is undoubtedly more meaningful and meaningful than the existence of some long-lived dumbass. Often unfinished works are among the most worthy creations of man.
Life constantly puts people in a position very similar to that of students on the final exam: in both cases, it is not so important how much your work is completed - it is much more important that it is of high quality overall. The student must have time to prepare for the answer exactly by the very moment when the bell will signal the expiration of the time allotted for the task - just as in life, we must at any time be ready for such a "challenge" and be responsible for everything we have done to date.
Sooner or later, each person is confronted with the concept of "finitude": we consciously perceive the end of something as inevitability, as part of the deal we have concluded with life. This perception of life is not unique to heroes; in fact, such an attitude is characteristic of the behavior of any ordinary person. When we go to the cinema, we are much more concerned that the film has any ending at all than that it necessarily ends well. The very fact that a person needs both cinema and theater is proof that the historical aspect of events is not devoid of meaning. If the unfolding of events in time did not matter to people, they would be content with the "morality of the work", conveyed in the shortest form, instead of bothering themselves, sitting for hours in the theater.
Thus, it is not at all necessary to sharply distinguish between life and death; rather, death is an integral part of life. There are no ways to "conquer" death, although people sometimes strive to gain immortality by continuing their kind. It is completely unfair to say that the meaning of human life is to recognize oneself in one's descendants. First of all, life cannot be extended indefinitely. It happens that families completely die out, someday a day will come, and all of humanity may die out - if, suppose, people are destined to live only until the planet Earth itself disappears as a result of some cosmic catastrophe.
If the factor of finiteness of life deprived it of meaning, it would not matter when the end comes, whether in the foreseeable future or very, very soon. We would have to admit that the time when everything comes to an end is not essential. Otherwise, we run the risk of becoming like a lady who, having heard from one astronomer that, probably in a billion years, the end of the world will come, she cried out in horror. And when he reassured her with the words: "But not earlier than a billion years," she sighed with relief: "Oh, but it seemed to me that you said - only a million." Either life has meaning and retains it, regardless of whether it is long or short, whether it reproduces itself or not, or life is meaningless, in which case it will not become more meaningful, even if it lasts a long time and reproduces itself. If the life of a childless woman was really meaningless only because she has no children, this would mean that humanity lives only for children and that the only meaning of a person's life is the reproduction of their own kind. But such a view of this problem only delays its solution. After all, it turns out that each generation passes on the problem to the next without solving it. The whole point of life for one generation is to raise another. But it makes no sense to perpetuate something that is meaningless in itself. After all, if something has no meaning, it will not acquire it, even if it is immortalized.
The torch fire makes sense even if it is extinguished; but to carry out an infinitely long universal relay race, passing from hand to hand a non-burning torch, is pointless. "What gives light, sooner or later inevitably burns out," says Wildgans. That is, everything that gives light is doomed to suffer until it burns out, burns out completely, "to the end."
Thus, we come to a paradox: life, the meaning of which would be reproduction, would be, in essence, as meaningless as reproduction. On the other hand, the continuation of life makes sense only if life itself is filled with meaning.
Therefore, to elevate motherhood to the only meaning of a woman's life means to cast a shadow not only on the life of a woman without children, but also on the life of a woman-mother. The life of an outstanding personality cannot lose its meaning due to the fact that this personality has no offspring. Moreover, by its very existence, such a person is able to give meaning to life for many generations of their ancestors, being, as it were, a peak crowning a dynasty. From all that has been said, it is clear that life never ends in itself and that the reproduction of life is never its meaning; rather, life takes on meaning in other, non-biological spheres: intellectual, ethical, aesthetic, etc. Thus, these spheres of relation turn out to be external to the biological side of life. Life transcends itself not in "length" - in the sense of self-reproduction, but in "height" - through the realization of values ​​- or in "breadth" - Without acting on society.
We presented these arguments to a patient who was categorically not recommended to have children because of the burdened heredity. As a result, the patient, a teacher and a writer by profession, himself admitted that his initial views on the meaning of life - and he believed that his intellectually fruitful life lacked meaning due to the fact that he could not have children - "in fact, some kind of poor materialism." Moreover, we managed to convince him that his original position stemmed from his contempt for himself: due to his own physical handicap, the patient was inclined to overestimate the importance of biological "immortality". I had to ask him if he would like to leave a memory of himself in the image of a son suffering from a serious hereditary illness, and is it not better if he lives in many generations of his readers and students. Having accepted all this for himself, the patient was ready to abandon the planned marriage. And again the doctor had to intervene in order to explain to him that reproduction is not the meaning of marriage, just as it is not the meaning of life. The satisfaction of natural instincts and biological reproduction are, in the final analysis, only two, and not even the most important, aspects of marriage. Much more essential is the "spiritual factor" - what we call love.
Just as the existence of each person is unlike the existence of others, so the person himself is unique. But just as death, limiting life in time, does not deprive it of meaning, but rather is the very thing that makes up the meaning of life, so inner limits make a person's life more meaningful. If all people were perfect, then every person could always be replaced by any other.
It is from human imperfection that the irreplaceability and irreplaceability of each individual follows - since each of us is imperfect in his own way. There are no universally gifted people - moreover, a person is unique precisely because of his deviation from the norm and average standards.
Let us explain this with an example from biology. It is well known that when unicellular organisms evolve into multicellular organisms, this results in the loss of immortality for them. They are also deprived of their "omnipotence". They trade their universality for specificity. For example, highly differentiated cells in the retina perform functions that no other type of cell can perform. The well-known principle of "division of labor" deprives an individual cell of its initially inherent functional autonomy and universality, but the cell's lost ability to function independently is compensated for by its relative specificity and irreplaceability within the body.
A similar picture is in the mosaic, where each particle, each individual pebble remains defective, imperfect in itself - both in shape and color. The meaning of an individual mosaic element is determined only by the place it occupies in the whole picture. If all these elementary figures form a single whole like a miniature, for example, then each of them could be replaced by any other. The shape of a natural crystal can be perfect, and that is why it can be replaced by any other specimen of the same crystal form: whatever octahedron you take, it looks like all the others.
The more specific a person is, the less he corresponds to the norm, both in the sense of the average norm and in the sense of the ideal one. People pay for their individuality by rejecting normality, and sometimes by rejecting ideality. However, the significance of this individuality, the meaning and value of the human person are always associated with the community in which it exists. Just as even the uniqueness of the mosaic element is valuable only in relation to the integral mosaic image, the uniqueness of the human person reveals its inner meaning in the role it plays in the integral community. Thus, the meaning of the human individual as a person transcends his own boundaries towards the community: it is the orientation towards the community that allows the meaning of individuality to transcend its own limits.
People have a sense of some emotional herd; However, the human community is not limited to this: it faces a more general task that goes beyond this "herd". But it is not only the personality that needs community, for only in it does its existence acquire meaning; but, conversely, a community, in order to make sense, cannot do without individuals. This is the essential difference between a community and just a crowd. The crowd does not at all provide a person with such a sphere of relations in which he could develop as a person; the masses do not tolerate individuality. If the relationship between a person and a community can be compared with a whole mosaic pattern, then the relationship between a person and a crowd is like a gray cobblestone, which is laid out on a pavement: all stones have the same color and shape, each of them can be replaced by any other; for a good quality pavement, it is not at all necessary that it is paved by this particular cobblestone. The pavement itself is not an integral formation, it is just a set of stones. A uniform road surface does not have the aesthetic value of a mosaic; it has only a utilitarian value - after all, the crowd drowns in itself the dignity and true value of people, extracting purely utilitarian benefit from them. The existence of a personality fully acquires meaning only in a community. Thus, in this sense, the value of a person depends on the community. But as soon as the community itself should have meaning, it is forced to put up with the individual characteristics of the people who make it up. In a crowd, on the contrary, the peculiarities of an individual personality, its dissimilarity are erased, should be erased, since a pronounced individuality is a destructive factor for any crowd. The meaning of the community rests on the individuality of each of its members, and the meaning of the personality stems from the meaning of the community, the “meaning” of the crowd is destroyed by the individual characteristics of its constituent people, and the meaning of an individual is drowned in the crowd (while the community helps this meaning to manifest itself).
As we said, the uniqueness of each person and the originality of his whole life are integral components of the meaning of human existence. It is necessary to distinguish the originality in question from a purely external dissimilarity to others, for the latter in itself does not represent value. The fact that one person differs from another in their fingerprint pattern does not distinguish him as a person.
Thus, when we say that, due to its uniqueness, human existence is not meaningless, we mean a completely different type of uniqueness. We could, by analogy with Hegel's "good" and "bad" infinity, talk about good and bad uniqueness. "Good uniqueness" is one that would be directed towards a society for which a person is of great value precisely because of his dissimilarity from others.
Human existence is a special kind of being, unlike the existence of any other object. For example, a house has floors and floors have rooms. Thus, we can think of a house as a sum of floors and a room as a part of a floor. So, we can more or less arbitrarily delineate the elements of being, deliberately reducing a particular phenomenon or object to a more general one, or, conversely, isolating it from the general. And only the human personality, its existence is not subject to such a procedure; a person is something complete in himself, existing by himself - he can neither be divided nor added to other objects or phenomena.
What a person prefers, his way of life - all this can be described based on our initial idea that "to be is to be different". It can be formulated as follows: the existence of a person as a person means his absolute dissimilarity to others. For the originality (uniqueness) of each means that he is different from all other people.
Thus, a person cannot be introduced as a constituent element into any system of a higher order - after all, in this case, he inevitably loses a special quality that distinguishes human existence itself - a sense of dignity. This is most clearly manifested in the phenomenon of the mass, or crowd. The crowd as such has neither consciousness nor responsibility. And that is why it is devoid of existence. Despite the fact that the crowd can act, and in this sense it is "real", it does not act either within itself or by itself. Sociological laws do not operate on top of human heads, but on the contrary - people themselves are the conductors of these laws. These laws may seem to be valid, but they are only to the extent that probabilistic calculations are effective for mass psychology, and only to the extent that the average person is predictable. But this average person is an invention of scientists, not a real person. He cannot be a real person in any way precisely because of his predictability.
Hiding and dissolving in the crowd, a person loses the most important of his inherent qualities - responsibility. On the other hand, when he takes on the task set by society, he achieves something completely different - increasing his own responsibility. Escape "into the crowd" is a way to throw off the burden of your own responsibility. As soon as someone begins to behave as if he is just a particle of the "higher" whole and only this whole plays a decisive role, he begins to receive true pleasure from the fact that he managed to "throw off" at least part of the responsibility. This tendency to avoid the burden of responsibility turns out to be a motive for all forms of collectivism. A true community is essentially a community of responsible individuals; a crowd is simply a multitude of impersonal beings.
When it comes to evaluating human actions, collectivism often leads to ridiculous delusions. Instead of a concrete, personally responsible individual, the idea of ​​collectivism substitutes only an average type, and instead of personal responsibility, conformity and respect for social norms. In this process, responsibility is lost not only by the object of the assessment, but to no less extent by the subject of such a value judgment.
Assessing with types makes it easier for the assessor because it frees the person from responsibility for that value judgment. If we evaluate a particular individual as a representative of a certain human type, we do not even need to consider this individual case in any detail, and this turns out to be a very convenient way of such an assessment. This is just as convenient as, for example, evaluating a car by its make or interior type. If you are driving a particular brand of car, you are well aware of your own possibilities in this regard. If you know the brand of a typewriter, it's easy for you to imagine what to expect from it. You can even choose a dog breed for yourself in this way: the poodle will have completely certain traits and certain inclinations, with a wolfhound they will be significantly different. Only in the case of a person, such things "do not pass." The individual person is not determined by his origin; its behavior cannot be computed from its type. Such a calculation will never be accurate, it will never "converge entirely" - there will certainly be some remainder. This remnant is expressed in the freedom of a person to avoid the limited framework of his own type. Truly human begins in a person where he gains the freedom to resist dependence on his own type. For it is only there, precisely in this freedom, in the feeling of his free and responsible being, that a genuine person arises. The more standardized a machine or device is, the better it is; but the more a personality is standardized, the more it "dissolves" in its class, nationality, race or characterological type, the more it corresponds to a certain standard average - and the lower it is in the moral sense.
Morally, the idea of ​​collectivism leads to the concept of "collective guilt." People are asked for what they are not really responsible for. Anyone who judges people in this way, or even blames them, is not responsible for his sentence. Of course, it is much easier to elevate or humiliate "races" as a whole than to try to evaluate each individual person, that is, to assign him to one of two groups into which from the point of view of morality all people are divided: to the "race" of decent people or to the "race" morally corrupted.
Human responsibility - as existential analysis tries to bring to our consciousness - is a responsibility arising from the uniqueness and originality of the existence of each individual. Man's being is a responsibility arising from the finitude of his life. This finiteness of life, a limited period of time allotted to a person here on earth, does not deprive his existence of meaning. On the contrary, as we have already seen, death itself makes life more meaningful. We said that the uniqueness of life as a whole consists of the "uniqueness" of each specific situation. And the uniqueness of life in general is made up of the unique fates of each individual person. Like death, fate is part of life. No one can avoid everything concrete and unique that fate prepares for him. If he argues with his fate - that is, with what is not in his power, with what he bears no responsibility for, with what he cannot be guilty of - he misses the meaning of his own destiny. And the fate of a person always has a certain meaning: after all, fate is as essential a component of the meaning of human life as death. Within the confines of their own "exclusive" destiny, each person is irreplaceable. Thanks to this irreplaceability, his responsibility increases in shaping his own destiny. If we say that a person has a destiny, it means that everyone has their own destiny. And everyone is alone with their fate, so to speak, alone in the entire universe. His fate, that is, everything that happens to him, is unique. No one else possesses the capabilities that a given individual is endowed with, and he himself is given all these opportunities only once. The opportunities that a person has for the realization of the values ​​of creativity and the values ​​of experience, misfortune and misfortune that await him in life, which he is not able to take away and therefore must experience and, thus, realize the values ​​of the relationship, are all one of a kind belonging to him, and only to him.
The paradoxical nature of any denial of one's own destiny becomes apparent when, for example, a person asks what his life would be like if, say, it was not his father who gave birth to him, but someone else. He forgets, of course, that in this case he would not be "himself", that a person with a different fate simply must be someone completely different, so that in such a case it would be impossible to talk about "his" fate. Thus, the question of the possibility of a different fate for a person is in itself untenable, contradictory and meaningless.
The fate of a person belongs to him, just as the earth belongs to him, which holds him by the force of its attraction, but without which a person could not walk. We must accept our destiny, as we accept the land on which we stand - this is a platform that is, as it were, a springboard for our freedom. Freedom is impossible without destiny for a person; freedom is always the freedom of choice and acceptance of one's fate, the choice of the position that a person takes when faced with his fate. Of course, a person is free, but he does not float freely in an airless space. He is always surrounded by many restrictions. However, he seems to be repelled by these restrictions in order to realize his freedom. Freedom presupposes restrictions, is based on them. The psyche depends on instinct, existence - on matter. But this dependence is of a special kind. A person always surpasses the land on which he walks, he needs the land only insofar as he can push off from it, use it as a springboard. If we had to define a person, we would say that a person is a being that has freed himself from everything that defined him (defined as a biological, psychological and sociological type), in other words, this is a being that transcends all these determinants - either by conquering them and shaping them in your own way, or by deliberately obeying them.
This paradox underlines the dialectical property of man: in his inherent eternal incompleteness and freedom of choice lies the fact that his reality is a potential possibility. He is not yet what he is, he just has to become.
To be human means to be responsible because it means to be free. This is a way of being, which, as Jaspers says, first of all decides what it should be, this "self-determined being". This is "existence". The table in front of me will always remain what it is, at least until a person puts his hands on it in order to change it. However, the person sitting at this table opposite me each time decides again what he will be in the next moment, what he will tell me or hide from me. Of the many very different possibilities of his being, he realizes only one and only one and thus predetermines his "existence" as such. (The human way of being, called existence, can also be defined as "being one's own essence.") Never in a lifetime will fate give a person the opportunity to avoid the need to choose from alternative possibilities. However, he can pretend "as if" he has no choice and is not free in his decision. This "as if" behavior is an essential part of human tragicomedy.
The Austrian emperor Franz I, as one old anecdote tells, repeatedly refused one petitioner who came to him with the same case. After another refusal, the emperor, turning to his adjutant, said: "You will see, this fool will get his way in the end." What seems funny to us in this anecdote? Yes, the fact that the emperor pretends that he is not free, that he is powerless to decide whether the "fool" will "achieve" his next time.
Very often in humorous stories, comic situations are played out when a person is blind in relation to his freedom of decision-making. Here, for example, is a story about a man who complains to his wife that modern people are completely immoral. As proof of his point of view, he says: "For example, I found my wallet today. Do you really think it would occur to me to take it to the lost property office?" What's the joke here? And the fact is that if anyone dares to speak about his own dishonesty, it is as if he is not responsible for it. The person in the above story pretends that he is simply forced to put up with his immoral act - just as he has to put up with the immorality of others. He acts as if he is not free and cannot decide whether to keep the wallet for himself or to hand it over to the lost property office.
We talked about a school teacher who described the "essence" of human life as a process of oxidation and combustion. A candle that only "exists", using the terminology of the philosophy of existentialism, burns out to the end, this candle cannot control the process of its own combustion. Man, since a meaningful existence is characteristic of him, is always free in his decision regarding the way of his own being. In his power to make a variety of decisions, including the possibility of self-destruction. We will even take the liberty of saying that this most radical challenge to oneself that a person is capable of (that is, not only doubts about the meaning of life, but also actions directed against life), this fundamental possibility of a person to choose suicide, this his freedom to decide , whether it be at all, distinguish a person from all other creatures, this is the human way of being different from the existence of animals.
The freedom of decision-making, the so-called free will, for an unprejudiced person is something self-evident; he immediately feels himself free. A person who seriously doubts the freedom of his will, either hopelessly succumbed to the influence of the philosophy of determinism, or is sick with paranoid schizophrenia; in the latter case, it seems to him that his will is "fettered" by someone from outside. The fatalism of the neurotic is manifested in the fact that free will is, as it were, hidden from him; the neurotic does not allow himself to realize his own possibilities, he himself prevents himself from being what he "can be". As a result, he distorts his life. If we stated at the beginning that being human means being different from others, now we have to express this formula differently: to be human means not only not to be like others, but also to be able to become dissimilar, that is, to be able to change.
Free will is opposed to fate. After all, we call destiny what in its essence denies human freedom, destiny is what lies beyond the boundaries of both the power of man and his responsibility. However, one should never forget that all freedom of a person depends on his fate, since this person uses freedom within the bounds of his fate and it is thanks to freedom that he influences this fate.
The integrity of the past - precisely because nothing can be changed in it - is the basis of human destiny. What has passed becomes fundamentally unchanged. And, nevertheless, a person has some freedom even in relation to his own destiny, embodied in the past. Of course, the past largely determines and explains the present, but it is impossible to imagine a future that would be determined exclusively by the past. This is the error typical of the fatalistic position of the neurotic, who, recalling his past failures, concludes that his unfortunate, unhappy fate determines and justifies all his possible future mistakes. In fact, mistakes of the past should serve as fruitful material for the formation of a more perfect, "better" future; lessons must be learned from one's own mistakes. A person is free to take a purely fatalistic position in relation to his past or, conversely, to learn something from the experience of the past. It is never too late to learn, but it is also never too early: it is always "the right time" to learn, no matter what we learn. By neglecting this, we run the risk of being like the drunkard who was urged to stop drinking. “It's too late now,” he replied. - But it's never too late! - continued to convince him. - In that case, I will definitely quit, but somehow later, - he finally retorted.
Human freedom is called into action by the inviolability of the past, which as a result becomes destiny. And fate, that is, everything that has already happened, should always act as an incentive for new, conscious and responsible actions. As we have already seen, in life a person is constantly in such a position that at any moment he may be faced with the need to choose from a multitude of possibilities a single alternative, which he “saves” from non-existence, realizing it in his actions, as if transferring it safe and sound in the "kingdom of the past." And in this kingdom of past events, what has passed will certainly be preserved, no matter how paradoxical it sounds, precisely because all this is already in the past. As we noted above, the reality of the past is protected precisely by its immutability. The past is the most reliable kind of being. Becoming the past, our possibilities will never disappear without a trace - only unrealized opportunities go away forever. (Compare what was said above in relation to individual situational values ​​with constantly and irreversibly leaving opportunities to realize them.) Only that which has been preserved in the past does not threaten to sink into oblivion. Reality is saved from disappearing by becoming the past. The moment turns into eternity if the possibilities hidden in it turn into those realities that are safely stored in the past, "forever". This is the meaning of any actualization. In this sense, a person actualizes himself not only when he performs some actions or creates creations of lasting value, but even when he simply exists. As we have seen, such objectivism allows us to say: what has already been realized in human existence can never be destroyed, even if it is suddenly forgotten, even if the memory of it is completely suppressed - for example, as a result of the death of a person who experienced it. In contrast to the situation described, compare with it what will be said below about subjectivism, or the quite possible case when a person, faced with failure, intoxicates himself, falling into the irresponsibility of misfortune through intoxication or, even worse, into an absolutely irresponsible desire to commit suicide ...
Fate can be presented to a person in three fundamental forms: 1) as his natural disposition or natural gift - what Tandler once called "bodily inevitability"; 2) as a situation, that is, the integrity of his external environment; 3) as the interaction of predisposition and situation, which forms a human position. A person takes a position in relation to something, which means that he forms his attitude towards it. Taking a position or forming an attitude towards something - contrary to the principle of the predetermination of "a given position" - is a matter of free choice. Proof of this is the fact that a person is able to "change his position", to accept a different attitude (for this we include the dimension of time in our explanatory scheme, since a change in position means a change in attitude that occurs over time). A change of position in this sense includes, for example, everything that we call education, training or self-development, as well as psychotherapy in the broadest sense of the word, up to such grandiose internal upheavals as conversion to another faith.
A person's biological fate is expressed in a predisposition, in a situation - his social determinism. In addition, there is his "psychological fate". We will return to these questions a little later and consider how biological, psychological and social factors of human destiny limit his freedom.
Let us first consider those cases or situations in which a person confronts biological inevitability. The question immediately arises of how far and how far a person's freedom extends in relation to his own body, or how deeply his ability for free choice and arbitrary regulation penetrates into his own physiological organization. Here we come to the classic psychophysical problem, therefore we are forced to retreat before endless discussions about whether and to what extent the physical, bodily existence of a person depends on his spiritual and mental being, or vice versa. We will limit ourselves to analyzing and comparing several typical cases, in the hope that they will speak for themselves.
Lange, a renowned psychiatrist, described the following case. He watched for a long time a pair of identical (identical) twin brothers who lived far from each other for many years. At about the same time he was treating one of these twins for paranoia, Dr. Lange received a letter from another in a remote city. This letter clearly betrayed manic symptoms, coinciding in content with the paranoid ones found in the first brother. This is indeed fate: identical twins, who developed from a single germ cell and had the same initial genetic predisposition, almost simultaneously showed the same mental illness.
Well, how can you not bow down under the impression of cases like this before the power of natural destiny? Considering these facts, which testify to the ability of organic forces to come to the fore, opposing everything else, how can we still doubt these forces? Isn't human destiny shaped mainly by such biological factors, these innate natural inclinations? What, then, is the role of the actually human, spiritual factor, where and when will it prevail? The results of studies on hereditary pathology of twins confirm fatalistic conclusions, extremely dangerous in that they paralyze the human will, designed to resist its own inner predestination.
Now about the second case. During their work at the Vienna Neurological Clinic, Dr. Hoff and his assistants conducted experimental hypnosis sessions with subjects in order to induce a state of "pure crystallized" affect.
At different times, the subjects were offered either joyful or sad experiences. Analysis of blood serum taken from the subject during the period of joyful excitement showed that at this time its immune activity against the typhus bacillus is much higher than at the moment when the same subject is overcome by sad experiences. These studies partly explain the decreased resistance to infection in anxious hypochondriacs. They also help to understand why in infectious diseases hospitals or even in leper colony nurses, who are full of the highest sense of duty, managed to avoid infection, so that legends about their "miraculous" immunity are transmitted.
We believe that it makes no sense to oppose "strength of mind" and "forces of nature." We have already noted that both mind and flesh are components of a person, that both mind and flesh depend on each other. For a person is a citizen of several worlds at once; he is in a state of constant vital tension, in a bipolar force field. If we tried to test these forces by pitting them against each other, in the end we would probably end up with the brightest kind of competition.
The eternal struggle of a person's spiritual freedom with his inner and outer destiny is, in essence, human life. Without in any way underestimating the significance of fate, especially biological fate, we, as psychotherapists, regard fate as the ultimate testing ground for human freedom. For the sake of our work, at least we must act as if the field of coercion and pressure of fate does not encroach on the field of freedom of action; in this way we can make the most of our freedom.
Even where physiology is closely related to the psyche - in cases of brain pathology - a pathological physical change does not necessarily and not once and for all determine the fate of a person; rather, the disease is, as it were, a starting point for the patient to form their fate. In this sense, they say that the human brain is "plastic". We know, for example, that if the associative fields of the brain are damaged, other areas of the cortex can compensate for such a violation, so that sooner or later the necessary functions can be restored. The famous American neurosurgeon Dandy even managed to remove the entire cerebral cortex of the right hemisphere (in right-handers) without producing any significant and persistent mental disorders. Whether the patient and his relatives will accept a physical ailment as a result of such an operation - and at the same time the entire left side of the body is paralyzed - is a separate question. This kind of problem has to do with the philosophical foundation of medical practice.
Currently, although it is not yet known for certain, there are suggestions that entire parts of the human brain are underdeveloped. It is still not clear whether all the ganglion cells of the brain are actually used in its activity. The fact that other parts of the brain can take over the functions of the affected centers would seem to indicate that not all of them are used.
Most importantly, recent studies have shown that phylogenetic development of the brain occurs in leaps and bounds. In particular, the number of ganglion cells does not increase gradually, but doubles at each new stage of brain evolution. Who can say with certainty that today all the resources of the human brain have been exhausted at the present stage of its evolution? Doesn't it feel like the functional development of our brain has not yet reached the maximum possible level?
Biological fate is a material that takes shape under the influence of the free human spirit, that is, under the influence of what, from the point of view of man, it exists. Again and again we witness how intelligently a person weaves his biological predestination into the structure of his own life. We constantly meet people who have achieved success in overcoming incredible difficulties, serious physical disabilities that they were endowed with by nature; these people overcame the initial obstacles on the path of their spiritual development, obstacles imposed by the so-called biological factor.
The form of life that they eventually achieve resembles a work of art or the highest sporting achievement: first, in the sense that free will gave form to resisting biological material; the second is in the sense in which we previously presented the skill of the athlete as an example of what can be achieved by purposeful effort. A runner who starts behind his opponent with a certain handicap may be better than him in the race, even if he is not the first to cross the finish line. It is not surprising that the British, this nation of athletes, one of the most widespread is the principle: "to do everything in our power." This principle implies that the person himself, when assessing any achievement, takes into account the element of his relativity. Achievement should be assessed in relation to the starting point, to a specific situation with all its difficulties, with all external and internal barriers.
Human life, marked from the very beginning by the seal of the individual's opposition to his own natural limitations, may seem like a single and grandiose record race. We know of a man whose four limbs were partially paralyzed as a result of prenatal brain damage. His legs were so atrophied that he was chained to a gurney all his life. Until late adolescence, he was generally considered mentally retarded, and he remained illiterate. In the end, a scientist became interested in him and arranged for him a minimal initial training. In an amazingly short time, our patient learned not only to read, write, and the like, but also acquired knowledge at the level of university education in those issues that aroused his particular interest. Now many famous scientists and professors began to vie with each other for the right to become his private teacher. He created a literary salon in his house, in which he himself became the most interesting and attractive figure. The best beauties fought for his love, for a place in his bed, losing their heads so much that whole scandals and even suicide attempts happened. And this man couldn't even speak normally! His articulation was severely hampered by a serious illness; he uttered every word with incredible effort and a distorted face. What great power this man had to possess in order to "mold" his life! And what an example he could be for our patients, who for the most part start with a much less serious condition than he started! For if his life had developed in accordance with his "destiny", he would simply have to vegetate in some institution for the mentally retarded, in order to die there one fine day in obscurity.
Now let us return to what we have designated as "the psychological destiny of a person", while keeping in mind those psychological factors that determine the path to the spiritual freedom of the individual. The merit of psychoanalysis is that it was able to clearly distinguish the deterministic nature of mental processes, their predetermination, considering all mental events as an inevitable result of certain more or less necessary "mechanisms". However, any unbiased observer cannot fail to recognize the simple fact that our instincts, so to speak, only "form sentences" for behavior, while our "I" decides what to do with these sentences in the end. It is our "I" that is able to decide and make a free choice; it is "I" that acts as the subject of desire: "I want." And so it always happens, regardless of where we are "drawn" by the sum of unconscious motives - "It".
Freud himself was forced to admit that the "Ego" ("I") is essentially opposed to the instincts that make up the subconscious "It". On the other hand, he tried to get the "Ego" out of the instincts. The inconsistency of such an approach is analogous to the fact that during the trial a lawyer, having finished his defense speech, was forced to take the place of the prosecutor and take the case against himself. Erwin Strauss proved long ago that the force that subdues and controls instincts cannot itself be derived from instincts. And Scheler characterized psychoanalysis as an intellectual alchemy that insists on the possibility of transforming sexual instincts into moral impulses.
Of course, the "Ego", as the embodiment of the will making the decision, inevitably needs the energy of instinct. However, the "ego" can never be just passively "drawn". Sailing does not mean leaving the ship to the wind; on the contrary, the art of the sailing sailor lies precisely in his ability to use the wind so that he propels the ship in the right direction, so that a good sailor can sail even against the wind. The danger in the psychoanalytic concept of human instinct is that it ultimately leads to fatalism. Be that as it may, neurotic patients are primarily predisposed to blind faith in the inevitability of fate.
Primordial weakness is fiction, there is no such reality. And although the neurotic tends to ascribe independent status to willpower, it in itself does not remain something frozen or given once and for all. On the contrary, willpower is determined by the clarity and depth of understanding of one's own goals, the sincerity of the decisions made and, to a large extent, by the decision-making skills (which are especially lacking in neurotic patients). As long as a person continues to constantly and completely unjustifiably remind himself before each attempt to make an effort that it may fail, he is unlikely to succeed in his efforts - if only because he does not want to destroy his own expectations. Therefore, it is all the more important when working out a decision to protect oneself from the very beginning from all counter-arguments that arise in this case in such a multitude. If, for example, someone is contemplating the possibility of quitting drinking, he is immediately trapped by a huge variety of internal objections to this step, for example: "But I have to ..." or "Yes, but I can hardly resist ..." and so Further. If instead he just kept repeating to himself: "Not a single sip, period!" - he would be on a more correct path.
How instructive, despite all its spontaneity and unintentionality, was the answer of one of our patients with schizophrenia to the question of whether she suffers from weak will: “I am weak as long as I want to be like this, but when I don’t want it, I stop being weak-willed. " This patient, despite her psychoticism, extremely penetratingly determined that people tend to hide from themselves the freedom of their own will, justifying their alleged weak will.
Neurotic patients-fatalists are strongly impressed by the ideas of "individual psychology" (and they misunderstand these ideas and, as a result, use them incorrectly), as a result of which they tend to blame the conditions of their existence in childhood, the upbringing and education they received for that all this "made" them what they are, and thus predetermined their fate. Such people try to justify the weaknesses of their character with the flaws in their biography. They accept these weaknesses as something given once and for all, instead of realizing the following: once in childhood and adolescence they were under the influence of such unfavorable conditions, this all the more obliges them to pull themselves together and engage in self-education. One patient, admitted to a psychiatric clinic after attempting to commit suicide, responded to the admonition of his therapist: "Well, what can I do here? I am just that typical" only child "that Adler writes about."
The moral of "individual psychology" (if understood correctly) should require each person to free himself from typical mistakes and weaknesses, under the influence of which he is still found as a result of his upbringing, to free himself so that he no longer has the stigma of "only child" or something else, depending on each specific case. The fatalism of the neurotic is yet another implicit form of escape from responsibility. Such a neurotic betrays his uniqueness and dissimilarity from others, seeking refuge in typicality and clinging to a fate that supposedly cannot be changed. And in this case, it does not matter what exactly this type is, the laws of which a person, as he believes, is obliged to follow: whether it is a type of character, a racial or a class type, in other words, what kind of destiny a person has in mind: whether psychological (collective), biological or social.
The " law" (of "individual psychology"), to which the aforementioned patient (who perceives himself as an only child) "obeyed", has an effect only theoretically for a person far from psychology; in practice, in reality, this law operates as long as its truth is taken for granted, as long as in this law a person sees not just a fact, but fate, and this is already fatalism. Improper upbringing does not justify anyone; its consequences must be overcome by conscious effort.
The fact that each person is spiritually free in choosing a position not only in relation to his physical, but also in relation to his mental nature, in other words, that it is not at all necessary for him to blindly obey psychological fate, is most dramatically and clearly manifested, probably, in those cases when people have to choose a position in relation to the painful states of their psyche. In his book "The Psychology of Obsessive Neurosis" Erwin Strauss investigated how inevitable or artificial - "created" - pathological processes in the psyche are, that is, to what extent they are predetermined by fate and not subject to human free will. In special cases, like obsessive-compulsive disorder, Strauss tends to believe that illness can so limit the freedom of existence of such a patient that even his philosophical position is predetermined by fate. We cannot agree with this and will discuss this issue later. Here, however, we will give several examples that demonstrate the ability of a person to freely form his position, despite an unhealthy psyche.
The patient, an unusually intelligent high school teacher, was undergoing treatment in the clinic for recurrent depression caused by organic pathology. She was prescribed psychotropic drugs, that is, in fact, a somatic approach was applied. However, during a short conversation with the patient, the doctor found out that her depression at the moment was, in fact, not of organic origin, but psychogenic; and even if we consider the disease as a whole, a psychogenic component could be distinguished in it. For the patient was crying because she was so tearful. An additional psychogenic component was now complicating the original organic disease. She was now in a state of depression due to her depression, that is, her real depression was a kind of reaction to the organic state. With this reaction in mind, the doctor added an additional therapeutic course, namely a course of psychotherapy to influence psychogenic factors. In accordance with this, the patient was instructed not to pay attention to her depressed mood as much as possible and, above all, not to indulge in sad thoughts about her depression, since thanks to such reflections, the prospect would be very sad for her. The patient was asked to let the state of depression pass by, just as a cloud floats past the sun, hiding it from our eyes. She must remember that the sun continues to exist, even if at some point we do not see it. Values ​​continue to exist in the same way, although the patient in a state of depression is temporarily unable to perceive them.
The use of psychotherapy helped the patient to get rid of much of what she suppressed in herself. She herself revealed to the doctor all her spiritual despair, her low self-esteem, the insignificance of the content and meaning of her life - the terrible existence of a person who feels hopelessly bound hand and foot by these recurring states of depression, to which her fate had sentenced. Now a treatment was required that went beyond pure psychotherapy, in the narrow sense of the word. A course of logotherapy was needed. The doctor had to show the patient that her very illness — these fateful (as Strauss would say, “self-generated”) recurrent states of depression — was challenging her. Since people are free to choose a spiritual position in relation to their own mental processes, she was given the freedom to accept a positive attitude towards her illness, or, in other words, she had to realize what we called "attitude values". With the passage of time, the patient learned to see that life was full of personal tasks for her, despite her depression. Moreover, she learned in these states to see another task: the task of somehow getting along with them, being above them. After such an existential analysis - and this is exactly what he was - she was able, in spite of her conditions and even during the deeper phases of endogenous depression, to lead a life more full of responsibility and meaning than before treatment, and even probably , more meaningful than her life would be, if she did not get sick at all. The day came when this patient was able to write to her doctor: "I was not human until you made me one." I would like to recall again Goethe's remark, which we have already quoted as the most valuable principle of any psychotherapy: “If we accept people as they are, we make them worse. If we treat them as if they are as they should be we help them become what they are able to become. "
In many cases of mental illness, the patient can carry out a free choice of position in relation to his own life in the form of reconciliation with the illness that befell him. For it is the constant vain struggle with such "self-generated" states that leads to the aggravation of depression, while it is easier for a person who takes such attacks simply and without much suffering to ignore them, and he also recovers from them faster.
One woman suffered from auditory hallucinations for decades. She constantly heard terrible voices mocking everything she did. Once she was asked how she, in spite of this, managed to maintain her presence of mind. How did she feel about her hallucinations? She replied: "I just think to myself: after all, hearing voices like this is much better than being completely deaf." How much skill this simple woman has shown in choosing a life line, what an important achievement (in the sense of realizing the values ​​of the relationship) is all her behavior! How courageously she put up with the excruciating symptoms of schizophrenia that could have caused her to completely lose her composure. Doesn't this humorous and at the same time wise answer contain an element of freedom of spirit in the face of mental illness?
Every psychiatrist knows how different the behavior of patients suffering from the same mental illness can be, depending on their spiritual position. One paralytic is irritable and hostile towards those around him, while the other - although, in fact, suffers from the same disease - is friendly, affable, and even charming with the people around him. We know of such a case. Several people with typhus were lying in the barracks of the concentration camp. All were delirious, except for one, who tried to ward off the night attack of fever, deliberately driving away the night's sleep. The excitement and intellectual uplift caused by the fever, however, he used to restore an unpublished manuscript of his scientific work, which was taken from him in the camp. Over sixteen crazy nights, he recreated the entire book, in the dark, taking short stenographic notes of key words on tiny scraps of paper.
Always and everywhere, a person is included in the social context - in connection with other people and in the chain of events. The personality is determined by the community in a double sense: on the one hand, its behavior as a whole is determined by the society and, at the same time, on the other hand, it itself influences the society, is constantly directed at it. Thus, individual behavior is characterized not only by social causation, but also by social orientation. With regard to social causality, it must be noted again that the so-called sociological laws never fully determine the behavior of the individual - therefore, they do not deprive a person of free will. Moreover, they can influence him only by passing through a special zone of individual freedom, in which they only leave a mark on individual behavior. With regard to the social predetermination of human destiny, we can say that here, too, there remains for a person an area in which his own free choice is possible, just as in the case of the biological or psychological predetermination of his existence.
Since we have touched on the issue of social predetermination, we must, unfortunately, highlight here a typical psychotherapeutic error, to which most specialists in individual psychology are prone. It consists in the idea that everything worthy and complete in human behavior comes down to and is exhausted by social correctness. The assertion that in individual behavior only that which is beneficial to the community is valuable is morally untenable. Such an ethical premise would lead to the impoverishment of the values ​​of human existence. It is easy to show that in the world of values ​​there are whole areas of purely personal, "individual use". These are the values ​​that can or should be realized outside of every community and independently of it. This includes, for example, all those values ​​that we have called the values ​​of experience. They are entirely outside the reach of the community. A rich store of values ​​that are available through the perception of nature or art remains at the disposal of the individual even with his complete loneliness and is essentially fundamentally personal, individual. These values ​​remain valid whether they benefit the community or not. Asserting this, we are clearly aware of the fact that at the same time there are many "values ​​of experience", which by their nature relate to the attributes of social being. These values ​​can be based both on wider communities (camaraderie, solidarity, etc.) and on a narrower basis - for example, on sexual partnership as the mutual interests of two.
So far, we have considered the social environment as a possible basis or goal of human existence. Now we must consider society as destiny in its own sense - namely, as a more or less unchanging and inevitable element of reality, opposing human will, causing it to fight. Here, therefore, the third area is concentrated, in which fate confronts man, so we must deal with sociological factors. Later we will discuss the issue of shaping one's own professional life and the problem of achieving an "active" settlement of a person's relationship with the social environment. In the next subsection, the social environment acts as a force that can become a powerful cause of human suffering ...
We have already said that being human means being aware and responsible. Human responsibility always turns out to be responsibility for the realization of certain values, and the realization of not only "eternal", enduring, but also "situational" values ​​(according to Scheler). Opportunities for realizing values ​​are provided to a person at every moment, very different, just as different people use these chances in completely different ways. The demand for the realization of values, a demand emanating from the world of values ​​and directed to the world of human destinies, thus becomes a specific, personal and hourly appeal to each individual person. The unique opportunities provided to each individual are just as specific as the opportunities contained in each current historical situation with all its unique originality.
Different values ​​are combined in such a way that as a result, a specific specific task for a given individual is formed. This connection gives values ​​that uniqueness, in which each person sees a serious and truly convincing appeal to him personally and to no one else. Until he knows what exactly determines the uniqueness and fundamental uniqueness of his own existence, he will not be able to feel the fulfillment of his life task as a personally obligatory and inseparable element of his own destiny.
In discussing the meaning of life, we have put forward three categories of values. While the values ​​of the first category (creative) are actualized in action, the values ​​of experience are realized in the (relatively) passive acceptance of the world (for example, nature or art) by our consciousness. Attitude values, however, are actualized wherever the individual encounters something imposed by fate, which cannot be changed. From the way in which a person accepts such sad "gifts" of fate, how he assimilates all these difficulties in his soul, an innumerable set of potential values ​​flows. This means that human life can be filled not only with creation or pleasure, but also with suffering.
Anyone who bows to a superficial cult of success obviously will not understand or accept these considerations. But as soon as we give ourselves the trouble to stop and reflect on our own ordinary judgments about human existence, we will immediately see that we recognize the value of many things, regardless of the success or failure associated with them. Great artists, in particular, well understood and reflected in their works this phenomenon of inner completeness and integrity inherent in man despite external failures. An expressive example that immediately comes to mind is described in Tolstoy's story "The Death of Ivan Ilyich", which tells the story of a respectable government official who is shocked by all the monstrous meaninglessness of his own life, "seeing his sight" only in the face of an unexpectedly impending death. But, comprehending all his meaninglessness, in the very last hours of his life, this person outgrows himself; he achieves such inner greatness that it sanctifies his entire previous life and, despite its obvious insignificance, makes it much more meaningful. Thus, life can acquire its final meaning not only as a result of death (for example, a heroic death), but also in the very process of dying. Not only by sacrificing life you can give it meaning - life can be filled with a noble meaning even at the moment when it suddenly collapses.
The failure of success worship becomes especially apparent when one looks at the moral issue of sacrifice. Of course, in those cases when a person commits a sacrificial act on the basis of calculation, carefully weighing the extent to which this act will bring him closer to the desired result, sacrifice loses all its moral significance. Real sacrifice occurs only where there is a risk that our donation may be invaluable or even in vain. Who dares to say that a person who threw himself into the water to save a drowning man acted less morally or even immorally, just because both drowned? Could we at least have assumed this risk when we recognized any action that would save in such a situation as highly moral? Let us remember what a high moral assessment we made of a person who fought heroically all his life, albeit to no avail, and died heroically, having lived it not in vain.
Lack of success never means a loss of meaning. This also becomes apparent when we go back to our past and remember, say, periods of our own love. Let everyone honestly ask himself, would he dare to "erase" periods of unhappy love from his past life, with all their doubts and sufferings? Most of us, of course, won't do that. The fullness of suffering never seems to us a lack of meaning. On the contrary, man grows and matures as a result of suffering; his unhappy love brings him more than a whole host of love victories could give.
As a rule, people tend to overestimate the positive and negative aspects, or the pleasant and unpleasant shades of their experiences. By attributing exaggerated significance to such moments, they develop in themselves an unjustified tendency to complain about fate. We have already discussed more than one interpretation of our thesis that "we are not sent into this world for pleasure." We have emphasized that pleasure cannot give meaning to human life. And if so, the lack of pleasure does not detract from its meaning. And again we turn to art for examples: we just need to remember how unimportant for assessing the artistic merits of a melody it is in which major or minor keys it is written. Among the best musical works are not only unfinished symphonies, as we have noted elsewhere, but many "pathetic" works are also among the best.
We have already said that by creating creative works, a person realizes his creative values; experiencing-values ​​of experiencing; suffering-value relationship. Moreover, suffering itself is not devoid of meaning. Suffering from something, we internally move away from what caused our suffering, we, as it were, establish a distance between ourselves and this something. As long as the cause of our suffering is what should not be, we remain in a state of tension, as if torn between what is in reality, on the one hand, and what should be, on the other. And only in such a state are we able to maintain our ideal in our representation. As we have seen, this also applies to someone who has already despaired; the very fact of his despair makes it possible to remove from him a part of what he blames himself for, since he evaluates his being, correlating it with the ideal, and the very fact that he imagines existing values ​​(even if not realized) testifies to the fact that that even a desperate person is a bearer of some value. He could not have judged himself so harshly if he had not already possessed the value and dignity of a judge - a man who comprehended the difference between what is and what ought to be. Thus, suffering causes a fruitful, one might even say cardinally transformative, spiritual tension, because on an emotional level it helps a person to realize what should not be. To the extent that a person identifies himself with the existing state of affairs, he eliminates his remoteness from them, thus losing the fruitful sense of dissonance between what is and what should be.
This is how a deep wisdom is revealed in a person's feelings, which is beyond all reason and, in fact, runs counter to the doctrine of pragmatic utilitarianism. Consider, for example, the meaning that experiences such as grief and repentance have for a person. From a purely pragmatic point of view, they seem meaningless. From the point of view of "common sense" to grieve for something irretrievably lost is useless, the same is true of an irreparable misconduct. But for the inner life of a person, both grief and repentance are full of deep meaning. The lost beloved or beloved in some sense continues to live thanks to our sorrow for them, while repentance helps the guilty person to raise his head again, as if cleared of guilt. The one whom we loved and are now grieving with our eyes is lost objectively, in real time, but it remains subjectively, in internal time. And repentance, as Scheller showed, can justify a wrong step; and although you cannot undo what has been done, the culprit himself experiences a kind of moral rebirth. This ability of past events to be fruitful for the inner development of a person does not contradict his responsibility, being in dialectical interaction with her. For guilt itself already implies responsibility. A person is responsible for everything he does, because he cannot change a single step he has taken; the smallest as well as the most important decision is always the last one. Whether he commits an act or refuses it, none of these actions can be erased from life as if they did not exist at all. Nevertheless, thanks to repentance, a person can internally break with what he has accomplished and, experiencing this repentance, can "undo what he has done," but in the spiritual and moral realm. Only a very superficial person will see any contradiction between these two statements.
Schopenhauer, as you know, noted with regret that a person's life "dangles between anxiety and boredom." In fact, both are full of deep meaning. Boredom is a constant reminder. What leads to boredom? Inaction. But activity does not exist to escape boredom; rather, boredom exists so that we flee from inaction and properly appreciate the meaning of our life. The struggles of life keep us “tense” because the meaning of life depends on how much we fulfill or fail to fulfill the requirements of our own life tasks. Thus, this tension is inherently different from the states that are caused by the craving for sensation or external approval and support inherent in neurotics and hysterics.
And the meaning of "anxiety" is that it is, in essence, also a reminder. In the biological field, as you know, pain is a full meaning guardian and keeper. In the spiritual realm, it performs a similar function. Suffering as its goal is to save a person from apathy, from spiritual rigor. As long as we are capable of suffering, we remain spiritually alive. Indeed, we grow up and grow up in suffering, it makes us richer and stronger. Repentance, as we have just seen, has the power to turn back what has already been done; its meaning is that it remakes, as it were, some external event, but this time in the inner plane of consciousness. Sorrow has the power to perpetuate, to keep the past forever in our present — this is its meaning. Both repentance and sorrow - both of these feelings - serve to, so to speak, "fix" the past. And thus, they solve a problem - the same one that no distractions and no drugs can solve. Anyone who tries to "distract himself and not think" about unhappiness or dull his feelings with drugs does not solve the problem, this does not help him to come to terms with unhappiness; all he achieves is getting rid of the immediate impact of this misery: the unpleasant sensations. Trying to have fun or "forget" with the help of drugs, a person forces himself to "not notice" what happened, as if he does not know more about it, tries to escape from reality, seeks refuge, say, in alcoholic intoxication. But to do so is to commit a profound psychological (essentially subjectivistic) mistake, which consists in the fact that a person acts as if the "dulling" of unpleasant feelings with drugs also leads to the elimination of the very object of experiences; as if everything that is pushed back into the subconscious is thus forced out of reality. However, looking at an object does not yet create this object itself, just as looking in the opposite direction does not lead to its disappearance. Likewise, crowding out the surging sorrow does not relieve us of what made us grieve so much. In reality, the relatives of the deceased, for example, most often categorically refuse to take sedatives, preferring round-the-clock sobs over the deceased. To a simple proposal to take something sleeping pills, a person seized with grief will usually indignantly object that, no matter how he sleeps now, this will not raise and return the one who has fallen asleep forever. Death - this purest example of an irreversible event - does not disappear anywhere, even if it is displaced from consciousness, even if the grieving person himself finds refuge in unconscious oblivion.
Unlike drug use, alcohol intoxication has a positive effect. The essence of intoxication consists in the fact that a person, as it were, turns away from objective reality in the direction of a certain subjective world. Using drugs, a person ceases to be aware of unhappiness, he experiences "happiness" in Schopenhauer's negative sense, namely, he experiences a state of nirvana. Anesthesia is a spiritual anesthetic. But, like anesthesia, the use of which in surgery can cause death, spiritual anesthesia can lead to spiritual death. By constantly suppressing really significant emotional impulses because they can cause negative experiences, a person ends up killing his inner life. The reasonableness of the meaning of emotional experiences is deeply embedded in a person, as evidenced by the following example. There is a special kind of melancholy, characterized by the fact that a person does not feel sadness. Instead, patients complain that they are unable to feel sufficiently sad, that they cannot cry out their melancholy, remaining emotionally cold and internally dead. Such patients suffer, as we say, from pain reliever melancholy. Anyone familiar with such cases knows that there is hardly a greater despair than that which such patients experience because they are unable to experience ordinary human sadness. This paradox clearly shows again that the pleasure principle is only a construct, not a phenomenon. Emotional "logic of the heart" always makes a person strive - experiencing sad feelings or, on the contrary, cheerful - to remain "spiritually alive" so as not to fall into apathy. Thus, the paradox that a pain reliever suffering from melancholy suffers from his inability to suffer is a paradox only for pathopsychology. And this is not at all a paradox for existential analysis, since it recognizes the meaning of suffering, giving suffering a noticeable place in human life. Suffering and grief are part of life, just like fate and death. None of them can be taken out of life without destroying its meaning. To deprive life of grief, death, fate and suffering means to deprive it of its inherent form and content. For only under the blows of the hammer of fate, in the crucible of suffering, does it take on its content and form.
Thus, the fate that a person experiences has a double meaning: he must shape it, where possible, and, where it is necessary, to accept it with dignity and endure it. Let us not forget that the deep meaning of all suffering is also inherent in “inactive,” passive suffering.
At the same time, a person should beware of the temptation to lay down arms prematurely, to surrender, too easily accepting the situation as fate and bowing his head in front of only his imaginary fate. Only when he no longer has the opportunity to realize creative values, when there really is no means at hand to influence fate, then only the time comes to realize the values ​​of the relationship, then only he makes sense to "take the cross upon himself." The very essence of attitude values ​​is manifested in how a person condemns himself to the inevitable; therefore, the values ​​of the relationship can be fully realized only when the share that falls to the person is in fact inevitable. Brod called this "noble misfortune", as opposed to "ignoble misfortune", which is a situation that can be avoided or in which a person is guilty *.
One way or another, in this case, each situation provides a person with an opportunity to realize the values, either constructive, or values ​​of the relationship. “No one from above said that a person's actions or suffering cannot ennoble him,” we find in Tie. It could be said that even if we tolerate something, we are already performing an action, even if only implied, but only when this patience is justified, that is, if fate itself puts a person in conditions when he is forced to endure, for he can neither change his position, nor avoid it at all. Only "justified" patience is a moral achievement; only such inevitable suffering carries meaning. This moral achievement inherent in suffering is known to every ordinary honest person. The following case will be well understood by such a person.
A few years ago, when the Boy Scouts were being awarded for excellence in Britain, the awards that many deserved were presented to three young people who were in hospital with incurable diseases. Nevertheless, these guys behaved courageously and courageously, steadfastly enduring their suffering. Their endurance was recognized as a more significant achievement than the outstanding achievements in, say, sports and the like of many other Boy Scouts.
" Life is nothing, it is just an opportunity to do something." It seems that this Goebbel principle contains the answer to the question of the meaning of life. For there are only two possibilities: to work together with fate, giving it a form, that is, to "mold" fate, and not a situation, if the latter turns out to be such that a person is not able to change it, and thus realize creative values; or, if such a thing turns out to be truly impossible, to take such a position in relation to one's inevitable fate, when suffering is an achievement, that is, to realize the values ​​of the relationship. It would be like a tautology if we say that illness gives people an "opportunity" for "suffering." But everything will turn out to be far from so obvious if the words "opportunity" and "suffering" are understood in the sense we have proposed above. Things become less obvious once we distinguish between disease states - including mental illness - and suffering. On the one hand, people can be sick without "suffering" in the proper sense of the word. On the other hand, in addition to all kinds of diseases, there is suffering, deep human suffering, which is an integral part of human life, originating from the very nature and meaning of life. Therefore, there may be times when the intervention of existential analysis is needed to help a person regain the ability to suffer. At the same time, the goal of psychoanalysis is to restore a person's ability to experience pleasure and action. After all, there are situations when a person can fulfill his life task only through true suffering - only this way, and nothing else. And just as a person can miss the opportunity to do something that life has in store for him, so he can also miss the opportunity to endure the true suffering that opens up the world of relationship values ​​for him. In the light of the above, we can agree with Dostoevsky, who said that he was afraid of only one thing, namely that he might be unworthy of the torment that befell him. And we are now in a position to properly assess the achievement of the sick who struggle, without giving up, with their illness in order to prove worthy of their torment.
One unusually talented young man unexpectedly had to part with his active professional activities. An inflammatory process in the spinal cord caused by a tuberculosis infection led to paralysis of his lower limbs. The question of an operation (to remove the affected part of the spinal cord) was being decided. The patient's friends turned to one of the leading neurosurgeons in Europe. He was sure that the patient had no chance, and did not undertake to operate on him. The doctor's refusal was conveyed in a letter to one of the patient's close acquaintances, in whose country house he lived at that time and who looked after him. The unsuspecting maid handed the letter to the hostess while she was having breakfast with her sick guest. What followed is described in detail in the patient's letter; we reproduce several paragraphs of this letter below.
In a similar situation, Eve was forced to show me a letter. Thus, I learned about my death sentence, which was quite obvious from the words of the doctor.
- I remembered the movie about the Titanic, which I watched a long time ago. In particular, I remembered the episode when one paralyzed man - played by Fritz Kortner - says a prayer, preparing a small group of victims like him to die, while the ship sinks and the water rises higher and higher around them. I left the cinema deeply shocked. What a gift of fate, I thought then, to consciously go to my death. And now fate gave me the same! I have this last chance to test the strength of my struggling spirit, only this is a struggle, the outcome of which is predetermined from the very beginning. Rather, it is the last tension of ordinary strength, like the last gymnastic exercise ... I want to endure the pain that awaits me without drugs, as much as possible ... "Fight for a lost cause?" Based on our philosophy, such a phrase should be deleted from books. For only the process of struggle is taken into account ... And there can be no lost cases ... In the evening we performed Bruckner's fourth, "Romantic" symphony. I was overwhelmed with love for all of humanity, I felt a sense of the immensity of the universe. As for the rest, I do math and don't succumb to sentimentality.
In other cases, illness and the approach of death can reveal so many abilities in a person who until now has spent his life in "metaphysical frivolity" (Scheler), not at all engaged in the development of his abilities. A young, extremely spoiled woman once ended up unexpectedly in a concentration camp. There she fell ill, and it was evident that she was fading away. A few days before her death, she uttered the following words: “In fact, I am grateful to fate for the fact that she treated me so harshly. I come from the middle strata of society, and my life before the camp was, perhaps, too easy. it was easy, I didn't take my literary aspirations seriously. " She saw that death was approaching, and met her with real courage. From the patient's bed, sometimes it was possible to catch a glimpse of a branch of a blossoming chestnut outside the window. The woman often spoke of this tree, although from where she lay, only one branch with two inflorescences was visible. "In my loneliness, this tree is my only friend," said the patient. "I talk to him." Was it a hallucination or was the woman delusional? Did she really think the tree was "answering" her? What was this strange dialogue, what did the tree "say" to the dying woman? "It says," I am here, I am here. I am life, eternal life.
Viktor von Weizsacker once noticed that the patient is somewhat superior to the doctor. And I had the same feeling when I left this patient. A doctor who subtly senses the subtle nuances of a particular situation will always experience something like shame, being at the bedside of a terminally ill or dying person. For the doctor himself is powerless, he is unable to pull this victim out of the grip of death. The patient becomes a hero who boldly meets his fate; he does not give up, for he accepts his lot with quiet suffering. Thus, the last moments of his life become a true achievement in the metaphysical field, while in the physical world, subject to medicine, the doctor's hands are tied and he is defeated.
As we have already said, one cannot doubt the meaning of life, it must be realized, for we are responsible to life. Hence it follows that we must answer not with words, but with deeds, with all our activities. Moreover, the correctness of the answer depends on the specific situation and the specific person. The answer must include this specificity. Thus, the correct answer will be an action, within the real conditions of the everyday existence of the individual, within the area of ​​responsibility of each individual person.
Within such a domain, each individual is necessary and irreplaceable. We have already discussed how important it is for a person to realize his individual uniqueness. We have already considered why existential analysis aims at transferring responsibility to the sphere of consciousness and how the awareness of responsibility arises from a person's understanding of his individual personal life task, or "mission". Not seeing the uniqueness and originality of the meaning of his existence, each individual person would feel constrained, numb in chest situations. He would be like a rock climber who, entering a dense fog, devoid of any visible purpose, risks succumbing to feelings of utter fatigue and despair. If the fog dissipates and he sees in the distance some house that can serve him as a refuge, he immediately feels a fresh surge of strength. Every climber is familiar with this feeling of fatigue, a kind of powerlessness, when he is "in the wall" and cannot determine whether he has made a mistake on the route, whether he has got into a crevice from which there is no way out, until he finds a move, by which you can get out to the cherished goal. And then, realizing that he is literally two steps from the top, he feels his hands pouring in with strength, and he again cheerfully clings to the stone firmament.
While creative values ​​are in the foreground of a person's life task, he, as a rule, realizes them in the process of his work. Usually, work is the area where the individuality of a person's personality manifests itself in relation to society and, thus, acquires meaning and value. However, this meaning and value depend on the contribution to society made by the work performed by a person, and not on his own position in society. Therefore, it cannot be said that this or that position gives a person the opportunity to fulfill his life task. In this sense, the profession itself is not the only path to self-expression. Indeed, many, especially prone to neurotic reactions, people argue that they could fulfill their life mission if they chose another profession. But such a statement is a consequence of either a misunderstanding of the role that the chosen specialty plays in a person's life, or self-deception. If there are cases when the chosen work does not bring satisfaction to a person, then the person himself is to blame, and not the work. Work by itself does not make a person necessary and irreplaceable; it only gives him the opportunity to become such.
One patient once said that she considered her life meaningless, and therefore did not want to get better, but everything would be different, everything would be fine if she had a job in which she could realize herself as a person: if, for example She was a doctor, or a nurse, or a pharmacist, or did some scientific research. It was necessary to show this patient that it is not the work that the person does that is important, but how he does this work. And it depends not on our profession, but on ourselves whether those personal, unique features that make up our individuality and, thus, fill our life with meaning, will find their expression in our work.
What is the real profession of a doctor? What gives meaning to his activities? Implementation of all the intricacies of medicine? An injection in one case, medication in another? The use of all medicinal tricks does not make a person a skillful healer. The profession of a doctor only provides a person with that field of activity where he can always find an opportunity to fulfill his life mission, showing his professional skills. The work of a doctor is given meaning by precisely those things that he does in addition to his purely medical duties. The profession of a doctor has a special status because of what a person brings to his work as a person. For otherwise it would be indifferent, for example, who is giving the injections: this particular doctor or his colleague, etc., if the doctor only realized the wisdom of his profession. And only going beyond the limits of purely professional functions, the wisdom of his profession, the doctor performs a truly unique job, in which only one can reveal himself as a person.
Well, what is the work of nurses, whom our patient was so envious of? They sterilize syringes, carry ships, change bed linen - all these are very important matters, but hardly sufficient in themselves to satisfy a person's spiritual needs. But only when the nurse does some trifle that is not included in her more or less regulated duties, when, say, she finds some kind word for a seriously ill person, then and only then her life is filled with meaning thanks to her work. This is possible in every profession when viewed in the light of the above. The need and irreplaceability of a person, his individual uniqueness stem from himself, depend on who and how does the work, and not on what kind of work it is.
In addition, it was necessary to point out to our patient, who declared that she could not find herself in work, that she had the opportunity to reveal her individual uniqueness outside the sphere of work, that her personal life could fill her life with meaning: she loves and is loved , she is a wife and a mother, and in this she is irreplaceable, she is needed by her husband and her child.
The natural attitude of a person to his work as a sphere of possible realization of creative values ​​and self-expression is often distorted due to the fact that the person is "pressed" by his working conditions. Some, for example, complain that they work eight or more hours for their employer and exclusively in his interests, and all the work consists in adding endless columns of numbers or standing at a conveyor line and making the same movement, pressing one and the same lever at the machine. And the less personal in the work, the closer it is to the standard, the nicer it is to the employer. In such conditions, it is true, work can be perceived only as the need to earn money, that is, to obtain the necessary funds for real life. In this case, a person's real life begins only in his free time from work, and the meaning of life is to organize this leisure. And this is really so: after all, we must not forget about the existence of people engaged in such an exhausting job that after it the only thing they are good for is to go to bed to recuperate.
We are all familiar with the type of factory manager or financial tycoon who is completely dedicated to making money, who is so busy raising funds for his livelihood that he forgets about it. The pursuit of wealth became an end in itself for him. Such a person has a lot of money, and his money finds use, but earning a livelihood overshadows life.
The significance of work for human life is most clearly manifested in cases where work is completely excluded from human life, as, for example, in unemployment. Psychological studies of unemployment have given rise to such a thing as unemployment neurosis. It is noteworthy that the most obvious symptom of such a neurosis is not depression, but apathy. The unemployed becomes more and more indifferent to everything, and takes the initiative less and less. Such apathy is fraught with great danger, because under its influence the unemployed find themselves unable to grasp the helping hand that they can lend. For example, we are reminded of the following incident.
One person was taken to a psychiatric clinic after attempting suicide. There he was approached by a doctor who knew him well. Several years ago, being at that time a doctor in a consultative clinic, he provided this patient with psychological assistance, helping him also financially. Now the unusually surprised doctor asked the patient why he had not turned to him for help again. To which the patient replied: "I just didn't give a damn about everything."
A person without work experiences the emptiness of his time as his inner emptiness, as the emptiness of his consciousness. Being unemployed, he feels unnecessary. He believes that since he is out of work. then his life is devoid of meaning. Just as dangerous tumors begin to develop on inactive parts of the body, spiritual inaction leads to mental illness. Unemployment thus becomes a breeding ground for the spread of neuroses. When the human spirit works, so to speak, idle, it can lead to the development of a stable "Sunday neurosis".
However, apathy, this basic symptom of unemployment neurosis, is not only an expression of a person's spiritual emptiness or dissatisfaction. We believe that it is also, like other symptoms of neurosis, a consequence of a person's physical condition, in this particular case, a consequence of malnutrition, which is usually a companion of unemployment. Sometimes the very fact of unemployment provides food for neurotic experiences, is part of these experiences as part of their content and "is processed through the prism of neurotic perception of the world." In such cases, unemployment for neurotics is a godsend: for now they can blame it for all their failures in life (and not just failures at work). Unemployment acts as a kind of scapegoat on which they can dump all the blame for their "spoiled" life. And the patient with neurasthenia is inclined to regard his own blunders as a fate-predetermined consequence of unemployment.
" Ah, if I had a job, everything would be different, everything would be excellent," such neurotics declare. And then they would do this and do that. Being unemployed, they can afford to treat their existence as something temporary. They believe that nothing can be asked of them. And they don't demand anything from themselves. The disastrous situation as a result of unemployment, according to their concepts, seems to relieve them of all responsibility to others and to themselves, they no longer answer to life. They blame their plight for their failures in all areas of life. Apparently, such patients are pleased to think that "the shoe is tight only in one place." It is extremely convenient to explain everything that happens as a result of the action of one single factor, moreover predetermined by fate. For then one can pretend that no one has any obligations to anyone; and nothing needs to be done except to wait for some imaginary moment when, by changing this single factor, everything else can be changed.
It can be assumed that the neurosis of unemployment, like other forms of neurosis, will ultimately turn out to be a way of life, a position taken by a person, his existential decision. For the neurosis of unemployment is by no means a "hopeless" fate, as the patient suffering from such neurosis wants to present it. After all, not every unemployed person succumbs to the neurosis of unemployment. Here again we see evidence that people can "act differently", that they can decide whether to yield to their social destiny or not. There are many examples proving that the state of mind of each individual unemployed person is far from being unambiguously formed and predetermined by fate. Along with the neurotized type of unemployed described above, there is another type of people who, although they are forced to live in the same unfavorable economic conditions as neurotics, are nevertheless not subject to neurosis. Such a person does not give the impression of falling into depression or apathy, in fact, he even maintains a cheerful serenity of spirit. Why is this happening? If we deal with this issue properly, we will find that such people find employment elsewhere until they get a permanent place. For example, they are employed in various public organizations as volunteers, in educational courses for adults, and they provide assistance to public libraries free of charge. They have developed a habit of going to lectures and listening to good music. They read a lot and discuss what they read with friends. If they are young, they take an active part in the work of youth clubs, take part in sports competitions at their place of residence, do gymnastics, go hiking, play various games, etc.
Such people fill their free time, which they have in abundance, with meaning, and their consciousness and life with content. Often they are forced to tighten their belts, just like the unemployed, suffering from neurosis, but still they are optimistic about life and far from hopeless. They know how to fill their life with interest, make it meaningful. They realized that the meaning of human life is not only in paid work, that the meaninglessness of existence is not at all the obligatory lot of the unemployed. They stopped equating life and work. What actually plunges the neurotized unemployed into a state of apathy, which ultimately underlies the neurosis of unemployment, is the erroneous view that only work can give meaning to our lives. A person completely wrongly identifies his professional vocation with the life task for which he was called to this world. It is as a result of this misidentification of these two concepts that the unemployed suffers from the feeling of his uselessness and worthlessness.
One young man once told us that for a long time of unemployed existence, which brought him to despair and almost to suicide, he lived only one hour with dignity. One day, when he was sitting alone in the park, he noticed a girl sobbing on a nearby bench. He approached her and asked what had happened to her. She told the young man about her troubles and admitted that she was determined to commit suicide. The young man had to call on the full force of his conviction to dissuade the girl from her dangerous intention, and in the end he succeeded. This very moment - the only joyful moment in a long time and the only bright ray for all subsequent time - finally returned to him the feeling of involvement in his own life task, the ability to accomplish at least something significant. And this sensation then pulled him out of the grip of apathy, despite the fact that he had to go through many more returns to this state.
From all that has been said above, it follows that the individual mental reaction to unemployment can hardly be predetermined at all. A person always has an opportunity for free choice. In the light of our existential analysis of the neurosis of unemployment, it becomes obvious that the same situation of unemployment takes on different forms in the perceptions of different people, which in a more general form, one person admits that his state of mind, character and actions are predetermined by social circumstances, while the other tries to shape his own social destiny (and this is perhaps the main difference between a healthy and neurotized person). Thus, each unemployed person is free to choose one way or another for himself - whether to maintain good spirits or fall into complete apathy.
So the unemployment neurosis is not a direct and inevitable consequence of unemployment. In fact, we sometimes find that the situation is exactly the opposite - unemployment turns out to be a consequence of neurosis. Because it is quite obvious that a neurotic disorder causes changes in the social environment and in the economic situation of the person suffering from this disorder. All other things being equal, in the competitive struggle for a job, the unemployed who does not lose heart have much better chances than those who have already despaired and fell into apathy. Most likely, it will be the first one who will get the job that both seek.
The unemployment neurosis leads not only to social consequences, but its effect may even be physical. Since the very true understanding of one's own life task gives our spiritual activity a stable form and organization, so it has the same effect on the human body. At the same time, a sudden loss of the feeling of fullness and meaningfulness of life is inevitably accompanied by disorganization of one's own activity, which leads to physical wear and tear of the body. Psychiatrists, for example, are well aware of the typical syndrome of accelerated "psychophysical wear and tear" associated with a person's retirement - signs of aging in this case appear with surprising speed. A similar phenomenon is observed in animals: trained circus animals, forced to constantly deal with the "tasks" that humans set them, live much longer than their counterparts, representatives of the same species that are kept in zoos and have no "occupations".
However, since unemployment neurosis is not fatally associated with lack of work, it is quite possible to combat it. Such people can be of significant help. As for the prevention of suicidal intentions, which have already been discussed by us, here we can distinguish between somatic, psychological, social and spiritual approaches. The somatic approach in this case would have to be simply to relieve such a patient from hunger, to provide him with sufficient food; social assistance should include finding and providing him with work. However, as long as unemployment and its consequences (in particular, the neurosis of unemployment) remain in our life for reasons beyond the competence of the psychotherapist, as long as separate isolated individuals remain powerless to provide any widespread somatic assistance, until then the only way out psychotherapeutic help will remain.
Of course, there are many who are skeptical about the very idea and possibilities of a psychotherapeutic approach to the problem of unemployment. However, such skeptics should be reminded of the well-known appeal that the majority of the unemployed, mainly young people, could subscribe to: "We need not so much money as at least some kind of business in life." In the light of what has been said, it becomes obvious that psychotherapy in a narrow, not logotherapeutic sense - say, a "depth-psychological" approach - was, in such cases, not only hopeless, but simply ridiculous. Since the problems that arise in this person are connected, on the one hand, with the banal feeling of hunger, and on the other hand, with the loss of the meaning of his existence, so far as he, most likely, will not be able to refrain from indignation and indignation if someone starts to pester to him with detective psychological stories and will begin to fish out his hidden complexes. Much more appropriate here is existential analysis, which opens the path to inner freedom for the unemployed, despite the fact that fortune has turned away from him, and teaches him that conscious responsibility that will help him give some content to his difficult life and find and keep at least some then the meaning.
As we have seen, not only unemployment, but full employment can, after all, serve neurotic intentions if misunderstood and misused. We must make a strict and careful distinction between the neurotic position, in which work is perceived so perversely that it ultimately leads to neurosis, and the normal healthy position, in which work is the natural means of giving meaning to individual existence. For human dignity should not allow people to act as means of realizing something themselves, to become simple instruments of labor processes, to degrade to fulfill the functions of means of production. The ability and the ability to work in and of itself does not mean anything, it cannot constitute either a sufficient or even any essential basis for a meaningful existence. One person may have a full opportunity to work, have the appropriate abilities and at the same time remain devoid of the fullness of life's meaning, and the other, despite the loss of such an opportunity and such abilities, can fully preserve the meaningfulness of his own life. In general terms, the same can be said for pleasure. Some people search for the meaning of life primarily in one area, limiting their life experience to this area; in such cases, it is important to ascertain whether such a restriction has objective grounds or whether it was unnecessary. The neurotic, without any objective reason, abandons his ability to receive pleasure for the sake of the ability to work, or vice versa. For such neurotic patients, we could quote the insightful remark of the famous German writer Alice Littkens: "Where there is no love, work replaces it; where there is no work, love becomes a drug."
The satisfaction that a person can get from work is not identical with the creative sense of satisfaction that life in general gives. Nevertheless, the neurotic often tries to "escape" from life in general, from the frightening breadth of its expanses, finding refuge in work, in his professional activity. However, the real emptiness and, ultimately, the scarcity of the meaning of his existence come to the fore as soon as his professional activities are suspended, at least temporarily: for example, on weekends. Everyone knows the unhappy expression on his face, which is difficult to hide for those who, on their only free day of the week, may not have been able to make an appointment or purchase a movie ticket. It is clear that they are completely at a loss.
Sunday in any big city is the saddest day of the week. It is on Sunday that the pace of the working week is suspended, and it is on Sunday that the paucity of meaning in everyday city life is revealed. It seems to us that people who do not have a goal in life rush along it with such speed that they do not notice its aimlessness. At the same time, they try to escape from themselves, but in vain. On Sunday, when a daily pause ensues in a frantic race, all the aimlessness, meaninglessness and emptiness of their existence again rise before them to their full height.
And what they do not go to avoid it. They rush to the dance - the music is loud there, and the noise eliminates the need to talk. They don't even have to strain to maintain small talk during the dance, as in the old days. And there is no need to think either - all attention can be focused on the dance.
Sport is yet another refuge for weekend neurosis sufferers. They can pretend, for example, that the most important thing in the world is which team wins this or that match. Twenty-two people are playing, and thousands of times more people are watching them. In a boxing match, only two people act, and that is why the fight here is even more intense, and there is even an element of sadism in the observation of the fans.
From the above, it does not at all follow that we are against truly healthy sports. However, it seems important to us to determine what value such classes have. Take, for example, a climber, his attitude towards his occupation. Climbing mountains always involves active participation; here there can even be no question of passive observation. In this case, the true achievement of the climber takes place; if we talk about physical prowess, then in certain situations (for example, in extreme danger) the climber is forced to "give all his best" completely. Climbing mountains is also a psychological victory of a climber over himself, for he learns to overcome such mental weaknesses as, for example, timidity or fear of heights. However, it must be remembered that the climber is not looking for danger for the sake of danger; rather, he "teases" her, as Erwin Strauss noted. Moreover, the rivalry that leads in other sports to the mania to win others and set records finds a more worthy expression in mountaineering - this is the desire to "overcome oneself". And finally, mountaineering brings to life another positive social factor: the sense of camaraderie of people united in one bundle.
But even in an unhealthy mania, setting records can be distinguished as a truly humane trait, for this mania is one of the forms of everyone's desire to express their unique individuality. Incidentally, a similar desire underlies other manifestations of mass psychology, such as, for example, fashion. Here, too, people are looking for something to stand out, at any cost, only the originality that they seek is reduced only to the external form.
People with neuroses can use art, like sports, in the wrong way. While real art and true enjoyment of artistic values ​​enrich a person, helping him to realize the deepest layers of his capabilities, for a neurotic patient, art is just an opportunity to escape from himself. In such a case, art serves only as another way of self-intoxication and intoxication. For example, a person who seeks to escape from himself, from the feeling of emptiness of his own existence, tends to choose the most exciting detective stories for reading. And if his desire to find out "how it all ended", his breathtaking state of anxious expectation and gives him pleasure, then this pleasure is "with a minus sign." This is a way of avoiding unpleasant experiences, the kind of pleasure that Schopenhauer mistakenly believed was the only possible one.
For those who crave thrills, death is the most powerful - both in life and in art. Some dumb fool who reads the newspaper at breakfast is hungry for stories of misery and death. But misery and death cannot satisfy him at all; obviously they seem too abstract to him. Therefore, such a newspaper reader may well have a desire to go to the cinema to watch some action movie. The behavior of such a person is similar to that of a drug addict: in order to satisfy his thirst for sensations, he needs a shake, such a nervous shake generates an even stronger thirst for thrills, and the person is forced to increase their dose each time. A person needs these other people's deaths to achieve, so to speak, the effect of contrast: it begins to seem to him that if someone should die, then only not he, but someone else.
Such a person seeks to escape from what terrifies him most, namely from the inevitability of his own death, the very thought of which the emptiness of his existence makes him unbearable. The inevitability of death can frighten only a person who does not have a clear conscience in relation to his own life. Death, which measures the end of life, is afraid only of those who have not fully used the life given to him. Such a person is not at all able to face death. Instead of giving meaning to the life measured to him and thus fulfilling his life "task", he seeks refuge in some kind of illusory belief that he will escape the general fate. Thus, a person sentenced to death begins to believe in his last hour that he can still be lucky, that he can still be pardoned. Such a person seeks salvation in self-deception, that nothing can happen to him personally, death and misfortune are the lot of others.
Neurotic patients flee to the world of novels, identifying themselves with fictional "heroes". The athlete, completely absorbed in the thirst for records, at least seeks to rest on his own laurels, while the lover of cheap novels is content with the fact that someone else performs the feats for him, even a fictional "hero".
The biggest mistake we can make in life is to rest on our laurels. One should never be content with what has been achieved. Life never stops asking us more and more new questions, not allowing us to stop. Only self-intoxication makes us insensitive to the constant pricks of conscience that life sends us. Standing motionless bypass; pleased with himself-lost. Neither in creativity nor in experiences can we be content with what has been achieved, every day, every hour they demand new achievements from us.
4. About the meaning of love
We have already seen how the meaning of human existence is based on the uniqueness and originality of man. We also saw that creative values ​​are actualized in the form of socially significant achievements. Society, in turn, gives meaning to human existence, its uniqueness and originality. But society can also be a rich area of ​​human experience. This is especially true in relation to "two", that is, the intimate communion of one person with another. Let's discard all more or less vague arguments about love and consider it in the light of the meaning of human existence. If we look at love from this point of view, then it turns out to be an area in which the values ​​of “experience” are especially easy to realize. Love is the "experience" of another person in all its originality and uniqueness.
Thus, it turns out that there are two ways to assert the uniqueness and originality of one's own personality. One way - active - is through the realization of creative values. The other is passive. In this case, everything that others have to conquer by active actions is provided to a person "like manna from heaven." This path is the path of love, or, more correctly, the path of being loved. Without any personal contribution, without any effort or labor, by the grace of God, so to speak, a person receives what is possible only with the realization of his originality and uniqueness. In love, a loved one is perceived by its very essence as a one-of-a-kind and inimitable being, he is perceived as "You", and as such is absorbed into the lover's own personality. As a human person, he becomes for the one who loves him, an irreplaceable being, without which it is impossible to do, and without doing anything for this on his part. A person who is loved "cannot but be" peculiar and unique, that is, the value of his personality is realized. Love doesn't deserve, love is just mercy.
But love is not only mercy, it is magic. For the one who loves, love casts a spell on the whole world, envelops the world with additional values. Love greatly increases the completeness of the perception of values.
The gates to the world of values ​​seem to swing open. Thus, surrendering to the power of the beloved "Thou", the lover experiences an inner enrichment that goes far beyond this "Thou"; for him, the entire universe expands and deepens, illuminates with the radiance of those values ​​that only the one who loves sees. For it is well known that love makes a person not blind, but sighted, able to see values.
In addition to the happiness of being loved and delight for the one who loves, there is also a third factor in love: the miracle of love. Because thanks to love, the incomprehensible is accomplished - a new person enters life, by himself already full of the mystery of originality and uniqueness: a child!
We have already spoken about the multilevel structure of the human personality. We have already stressed also that we consider a person as a psychophysical and spiritual unity. This was the basis of our call for psychotherapy to recognize this integrity as such in order to take into account not only the mental, but also the spiritual essence of man.
Now, however, we are going to show how a loving person, through the experience of his own love, "touching" someone else's "I", the personality of a loved one, can perceive the multilayered structure of another person's personality in different ways. Because, just as these three layers of the human personality exist, there are three possible ways of relating to it. The most primitive approach refers to the outermost layer: this is the sexual relationship. The physical appearance of another person turns out to be sexually arousing, and this arousal causes sexual attraction to a sexually attractive partner, directly affecting the physical being of the person. The erotic attitude is one step higher. For the purposes of our analysis, we make a clear distinction between erotica and sexuality. Erotic predisposition means not just sexual arousal, susceptibility to sexual desires. This attitude comes not only from sexual urge and is provoked not only by the purely sexual attractiveness of the partner. If we consider the physical essence of the partner as his outer layer, then we can say that the erotically predisposed person penetrates deeper than the one who is only sexually concerned. Erotica penetrates into the next, deeper layer, already enters the psychic sphere of another person. Such an attitude towards a partner, considered as one of the phases of a relationship with him, corresponds to what is usually called "intense passion." The physical qualities of a partner arouse the pass sexually, but at the same time we are "carried away" by others - its mental virtues. An enthusiastic person is no longer just in a state of physical excitement; rather, his own psychological emotionality is aroused - it is excited by a special (but not unique of its kind) mental organization of the partner, say, by some specific traits of his character. So, a purely sexual relationship is aimed at the physical essence of the partner and is not able to go beyond this level. The erotic attitude, the "passionate attitude," is not only directed at the physical entity, but it still does not penetrate the other person's heart.
This is done only at the third possible level of relationship: at the level of love itself. Love (in the narrowest sense of the word) represents the final stage of an erotic relationship (in the broadest sense of the word), since only it penetrates most deeply into the personal structure of the partner. Love is entering into a relationship with another person as a spiritual being. Spiritual closeness of partners is the highest attainable form of partnership. The one who loves is no longer enough to arouse the corresponding physical or emotional state - he is really affected only by the spiritual closeness of the partner. Love in this way is entering into a direct relationship with the personality of a loved one, with his originality and uniqueness.
The spiritual core is the bearer of those mental and bodily characteristics that attract an erotically and sexually inclined person; the spiritual core is what underlies those physical and mental external manifestations; this is what is manifested in these "external manifestations". The bodily and mental traits of a person are, so to speak, external "clothes" that are "worn" by her spiritual essence. Although a sexually inclined or infatuated person feels the attractiveness of the physical characteristics and mental traits of the partner - that is, what this other person "has" - the lover loves the loved one himself: not something that the loved one "has", but what he is himself. The gaze of the one who loves penetrates through the physical and mental "dress" of the spiritual core, penetrates to the very core of another being. He is no longer interested in a seductive physical "type" or an attractive temperament; he is interested in a person, a partner as one of a kind, irreplaceable and incomparable with anyone.
The tendencies we encounter in "infatuation" which, as we have already noted, is not strictly sexual in nature, have been termed "looping" tendencies in psychoanalysis. The term is exceptionally apt, albeit in exactly the opposite sense of what is implied in psychoanalysis. Psychoanalysts regard these tendencies as "looping tendencies" because, according to their theory, any goal generated by instincts is sexual in nature. In our opinion, these tendencies are "looped" (limited) in a completely different sense: they sharply limit the possibility of transition to a new, higher form of relationship - to true love, they deprive the possibility of penetration into the next, deeper layer of the partner's personality, into his spiritual essence. The one who loves seeks to comprehend the originality and uniqueness of the spiritual core of his partner; it can even be explained to someone whose ideas are based on simple empiricism. Let's ask the skeptic to imagine that the one he loves is lost to him forever: she either died or left. Then he is offered a double of his beloved human being, who in body and temperament perfectly resembles her. Now we ask this skeptic if he can switch his love to this other woman - and he will have to admit that he cannot do it. Such a "transfer" of true love is unthinkable. Because the one who truly loves, least of all thinks about some mental and physical characteristics of the beloved, he does not think about some trait of her character, but about what she is in her uniqueness. And as a unique person, she cannot be replaced by any double, no matter how perfect this "duplicate" may be. But someone who is simply very passionate could probably find some kind of double for their purposes. His attachments could easily be transferred to a double. Because his feelings are connected only with the temperament of the partner, and not with his spiritual essence.
The spiritual core as an object of true love is indispensable for those who truly love, because it (the core) is unique and peculiar. It follows from this that true love is its own guarantor of permanence. Because the physical condition passes and the psychological condition is not permanent. Sexual arousal is only temporary; the sexual urge disappears instantly upon satisfaction. And a strong infatuation also rarely lasts long. But the spiritual act through which a person understands the spiritual core of another person is effective once and for all. Thus, true love as a spiritual connection with another being, as the contemplation of another peculiar essence, does not have that transient character that is characteristic of purely temporary states of physical sexuality and psychological sensibility. Love is more than an emotional state; love is an intentional act that targets the essence of another person. This entity is ultimately independent of existence; "essence" does not depend on "existence" and, since it has this freedom, it takes precedence over "existence". This is why love survives the death of a loved one; in this sense, we understand why love is "stronger" than death. The existence of a loved one can be terminated by death, but his essence cannot be affected by death. His inimitable essence, like all true essences, is something timeless and thus immortal. The very "thought" about a person — and this is exactly what the lover sees — refers to a region that has no time parameter. Indeed, these considerations date back to scholasticism and the philosophy of Plato. But let us not think that they are therefore far from simple empiricism, which, and we must admit it, has its intellectual validity and merit. For example, we know the following story of a former concentration camp prisoner.
“ All of us in the camp, both I and my comrades, were convinced that no happiness on earth could ever in the future compensate for what we had to endure during our imprisonment. If we were to sum up, then the only thing left for us to do - is to throw yourself on the wire (under current), that is, to commit suicide. Those who did not, did so only out of a deep feeling of some kind of obligation. As for me, I considered it my duty to my mother to stay in living. We loved each other more than anything else. Therefore, my life made sense, no matter what. But I had to count on the fact that every day I could die at any moment. And therefore my death also had to have some then the meaning, as well as all the suffering that I had to endure before death came.So, I made an agreement with Heaven: if I have to die, then may my death save my mother's life, and no matter what I have to suffer until the moment of death is a bud there is reckoning for the pleasant and easy death of the mother when her hour comes. My martyrdom could only be endured as such a sacrifice. I could live my life if only it made sense, but I also wanted to endure my suffering and die a natural death if only suffering and death also made sense. "
The inmate goes on to say that whenever the time and situation in the camp allowed, he reflected on the inner world of his mother. We could express it this way: while it was impossible to realize creative values ​​in his actual situation, all the wealth of devoted love was revealed to him, thinking with love of his mother, he fulfilled his life "mission", realizing the "values ​​of experience." The continuation of his story strikes us extraordinarily.
“ But I didn’t know if my mother was still alive. All the time I was in the camp, we had no information about each other. Then suddenly the thought struck me that when, as I often did, I was leading imaginary dialogues with my mother, the fact that I didn’t even know if she was alive was hardly a hindrance to me! " That is, this person did not know if there was a physical person whom he loved so much, and nevertheless it had so little effect on his feelings for his mother that he accidentally ran into the question: "Is she alive?" And this was not a stumbling block for him. Love is so little directed to the body of a loved one that it can easily survive his death, it can exist in the heart of the one who loves, until he dies himself. To someone who truly loves, the death of a loved one always seems incomprehensible, just as his own death is "incomprehensible" to him. After all, it is well known that no one can fully realize the fact of their own death, that this is fundamentally as incomprehensible as the fact that we were not there before birth. Anyone who actually believes or claims that he can comprehend the death of a person is deceiving himself. Because what he wanted us to believe is incomprehensible, namely: that a human being is removed from the world simply because his body, which is his vehicle, has become a corpse. When physical appearance disappears, it is incorrect to say that personality itself no longer exists. The most we can say is that she (personality) no longer manifests itself, because manifestation requires physical forms of expression (speech, etc.). Thus, we see once again why and in what sense true love does not depend on the physical presence of a person. All this does not mean, of course, that love has no desire to "incarnate" itself. But she is so independent of the body that she does not need this body. Even in love between people of different sexes, the body, that is, the sexual element, is not primary; it is only a means of self-expression. Love as such can exist without it. Where sexuality is possible, love will desire and yearn for it; but where a rejection of it is required, love will not grow cold and will not die.
A person's body expresses his character, and his character expresses a person as a spiritual being. The spirit strives for expression and requires expression in the body and psyche. Thus, the bodily manifestation of a loved one becomes a symbol for the lover, a simple symbol of something that appears in appearance, but is not completely contained in it. True love by itself and for itself does not need a body either for excitement or for fulfillment, although it uses the body for both. Arousal in a person with healthy instincts is stimulated by the partner's body, although his love is not directed towards him. While the "shallow" person sees only the external appearance of the partner and cannot comprehend its depth, the "deeper" person considers the surface itself as a manifestation of depths, not as a fundamental or decisive manifestation, but as significant. In this sense, love "uses" the body to excite. We have already said that love also "uses" the body for performance. Because physically mature lovers will inevitably end up with a physical connection. But for one who truly loves, physical, sexual connection remains a form of expression of the spiritual connection, which in fact is his love; and as a form of expression, it is love, a spiritual act, that gives it human dignity. Therefore, we can say that as the body for the one who loves is an expression of the spiritual essence of the partner, so the sexual act is for him the expression of spiritual unity.
The physical appearance of a person then has little to do with what he is loved for. His actual physical traits and character traits acquire their erotic (sensual) meaning through love itself; it is love that makes these characteristics "attractive." For this reason, we must be discreet and critical of the use of cosmetics. Because even flaws are an essential part of the personality. Outward traits affect the one who loves, not by themselves, but as part of a loved one. The patient, for example, was considering plastic surgery to correct her ugly breasts, hoping thereby to guarantee her husband's love. She consulted with her doctor. The doctor spoke out against the operation; he noticed that because the husband loves her, he loves her body as it is. An evening dress, the doctor noted, does not affect a man "by itself"; he considers it beautiful only when it is on the woman he loves. Finally, the woman asked her husband's opinion. And he noticed that the result of the operation would cause him anxiety, he would involuntarily think: "One way or another, this is not quite my wife anymore."
Psychologically, of course, you can understand that an unattractive person will be painful and artificial to achieve what comes so easily to an attractive person. An ugly person will overestimate love life - and the less joy he has in his own life, the more he exaggerates its significance. In reality, love is only one possible way to fill life with meaning, and not even the best way. Our existence would come to a sad end and our life would be truly poor if its meaning depended only on whether we experienced happiness in love or not. Life is endlessly rich in opportunities to realize values. We only need to remember the importance of realizing creative values. But a person who does not love and who is not loved can organize his life in such a way that it will be full of high meaning. The only question here is whether the absence of love is really fate, and not a neurotic phenomenon in which a person should only blame himself. We have already considered the cases when it is necessary to abandon the actualization of creative values ​​and instead realize the values ​​of relationships. We have already emphasized that this refusal should not be arbitrary or reckless. The same can be said about the rejection of the "experience values" of love.
The danger of prematurely coming to terms with fate in general is great. Because people tend to forget how relatively unimportant external attractiveness is, how much more important a person's personality is for a love life. We all know vivid (and comforting) examples of unattractive or unattractive people who, thanks to their charm and character, have been successful in love. We can recall our case with the cripple, which, under the most unfavorable circumstances, had extraordinary success, not only intellectually, but also erotic. The fact that a person is outwardly unattractive is not yet sufficient reason to be rejected. Any resignation to fate has a bad side effect - resentment (anger). For a neurotic person who fails to realize himself in a particular area of ​​values ​​ends up either overestimating or underestimating that particular aspect of life. Neurotic tension after "happiness" in love leads, precisely because of this tension, to "unhappiness." A person who is "fixated" on an erotic "circle" is trying to force open that "door to happiness" about which we, together with Kierkegaard, noticed that it "opens outward" and does not lend itself to violent assault. But a person who is "fixated" on love life in a negative sense, who devalues ​​it in order to improve his well-being, changing his attitude towards what he has not achieved and considers unattainable, also blocks his way to erotic happiness. An inner feeling of resentment combined with resignation to fate leads to the same result as protest and rebellion against fate. Both reactions make it impossible for a person to try their own chance. At the same time, in the light, not offending behavior of a person who sincerely but not irrevocably abandoned attempts to find happiness in love, all the brightness of his personality is inevitably manifested, and, thus, the opportunity for him to still achieve success in love is not excluded. In the ancient aphorism: "By abstaining, we acquire" a great deal of truth.
The emphasis on appearance leads to a general reappraisal of the value of "beauty" in the erotic life. At the same time, man as such is devalued. There is something offensive about describing a woman as "beautiful." Does the use of this adjective ultimately mean that we deliberately refrain from using any other adjectives, from judging her mind, say? A high rating in the relatively low category raises suspicion of a tacit reluctance to give any rating in the higher category. In addition, the emphasis on appearance implies underestimating not only the one who is being judged, but also the one who makes the judgment. Because if I talk about the beauty of a woman, this implies not only that I have nothing pleasant to say about her personality, but also that I am not interested in her personality, because I do not value the personality traits.
Any flirting, typical courtship of the past and present, unconsciously ignores the inner content of the partner. The uniqueness and originality of another person is deliberately overlooked in contacts of this kind. People who are addicted to such superficial eroticism run away from the obligations of true love, from any true bond with a partner, because such a bond entails responsibility. They resort to a collective term, preferring "type"; their partner in each specific case is a more or less random representative of this type. They choose a type, not a specific person. Their love is directed towards a typical, impersonal "appearance". A very often preferred female type is the chorus type. This is easily understood when we consider what a thoroughly impersonal type she is. The chorus girl is, so to speak, a "mass" girl. It is a constituent part of the precise mechanism - the chorus, the collective troupe. As such, it cannot go beyond its limits. The average modern man chooses this type of woman as his erotic ideal, because she cannot, due to her facelessness, burden him with responsibility. This type is ubiquitous. Just as one chorus girl in a revue can be replaced by any other, so in life this type of woman is easily replaceable. The type of chorus is a faceless woman with whom a man does not need to establish personal relationships, does not need to take on any obligations; a woman he can "have", and therefore there is no need to love her. She is property, without individual character traits, without personal value. You can only love a person; You cannot love the facelessness of the chorus type. The question of loyalty does not arise with her; infidelity follows from facelessness itself. Infidelity in such an erotic relationship is not only permissible, it is necessary. Because where there is no happiness in love, this absence must be compensated by the amount of sexual pleasure.
This kind of eroticism is an ugly form of love. The use of such expressions as "I fucked this woman" fully reveals the essence of such eroticism. What you "have" you can exchange. If a man "possesses" a woman, he can easily exchange her, he can even "buy" another one for himself. This mutual relationship of "ownership" is also expressed in relation to women. Because such superficial eroticism, which takes into account only the external appearance of a partner, is equally superficial for a woman. What a person is as such does not count, but only how attractive he is as a possible sexual partner is taken into account. Thus, a woman's attitude to a man corresponds to his attitude to her. A woman will do everything possible to hide all her personal qualities with the help of cosmetics, so as not to disturb the man with them and to give the man what he is looking for, the type he prefers. The woman - or rather the modern urban "doll" - is completely absorbed in her appearance. She wants to be "taken", but she does not want to be taken seriously, taken for what she really is: a human personality in all its originality and uniqueness. She wants to be accepted as a female, and therefore, she first of all cares about her body, trying to match the fashionable type as much as possible. She wants to be faceless and represent the type that is now in fashion, is in demand in the erotic vanity market. As submissively as possible, she will try to imitate this fashionable type, and in doing this, she must definitely change herself, her "I".
She can, for example, choose her type from the world of movie stars. She has no need at all to assert herself as a person who is unique and incomparable in all people. She does not even seek to create a new type of woman herself, she is not ambitious enough to establish fashion herself. Instead of creating a type, she happily represents an existing type. With joy, of her own free will, she introduces herself to the man as the type he prefers. Proceeding from such premises, following this course, she moves further and further from the true, satisfying erotic experience. Because the person who chooses her does not want her at all; in reality he only chooses its type. Obeying the desires of a man, she willingly gives him what he needs and what he wants to "have." And both are being frivolous. Instead of looking for each other and thus finding each other's "I", finding the uniqueness and originality that alone makes them worthy of love and worth living for, they are content with fiction. Because in his creative work, each person manifests his uniqueness and originality, and in love he absorbs the uniqueness and originality of his partner. In a mutual rejection of love, in a relationship based on the principle of "give-take", everyone's own personality closes in on itself. The impulse of love breaks through to that layer of being, in which each individual person no longer represents a "type", but himself, incomparable, irreplaceable and possessing all the dignity of his uniqueness. This dignity is the dignity of angels, in respect of whom scholasticism asserted that they did not represent the species; rather, there is only one instance of each species.
If the attitude of true love is the orientation of the essence of one person to another, it is also the only guarantee of fidelity. In other words, love itself engenders confidence in its duration. But something more emanates from it: its "eternity". Love can only be experienced as something permanent. A truly loving person in a moment of love, surrendering completely to this moment and the object of his love, cannot imagine that his feeling will ever change. This is understandable when we consider that his feelings are directed to the essence of a loved one and the dignity of this person, like any other spiritual act, like, say, cognition or recognition of values. As soon as I realized that 2x2 = 4, I figured it out once and for all. "And that's it." And as soon as I sincerely understood the inner essence of another person, seeing this person in the light of love, there’s nothing to be done: I must remain true to its truth, must remain true to this love, and this love must live with me. The moment we experience true love, we experience it as lasting forever, like the truth we recognize as "eternal truth." Likewise, as long as love lasts in ordinary times, it is experienced as "eternal love."
Yet, as in all their quests for truth, people are not immune to mistakes. So in matters of love they can be deceived. For example, a person may think that love made him see, when in reality he was most likely simply blinded by a strong infatuation. But no one can start by assuming that subjective truth is possibly a mistake because it is "just subjective"! It may turn out to be a mistake much later. Likewise, it is impossible for someone to love "while," temporarily; it is impossible to plan a temporary state of love as such and set a definite date for it. The only thing that happens is that a person can love, risking that the object of his love will eventually turn out to be unworthy of this love itself, so that love "dies" as soon as the one who loves ceases to perceive the dignity of the beloved.
The object of simple possession can be changed. But only true love, and only it, leads to monogamous relationships, is the basis of fidelity.
The obvious conclusion from all this is that a simple hobby, being by its nature a more or less rapidly passing "emotional state", can with good reason be considered as a contraindication to marriage. This in no way means that true love in itself is a positive indication for starting a family. Cancer is more than a problem of personal experience. This is a complex structure, the organization of social life, legalized by the state or, as is often the case, sanctioned by the church. Thus, marriage penetrates deeply into the realm of social relations, and certain social conditions must be satisfied before the marriage can be sealed. In addition, there are biological conditions and circumstances that, in these cases, can make marriage undesirable. Eugenic considerations may well be present in the decision to marry. These factors cannot make love as such powerless and meaningless, but partners entering into such a marriage should consider their alliance only as a spiritual partnership, and not as something that usually accompanies marriage, that is, the continuation of their own kind.
At the same time, if motives, in themselves not related to love, are decisive when entering into marriage, this marriage, at the most, may have a touch of eroticism-eroticism, by our definition, aimed at "possession", at "possession" ... In particular, where economic motives play the main role in the decision to marry, the materialistic desire to “have” prevails. Due to such motives, there are such institutions as all kinds of dating services and marriage bureaus. For the arrangement of this kind of marriage, the social aspect of marriage is considered the main and only factor. The degradation of human relationships that this approach to marriage entails has a negative impact on the next generation. We know a young man who left home to escape the endless quarrels between his parents, who always involved him in their arguments. With the naivety and sincerity of his youth, he planned to devote his life to the creation of some kind of institution, the sole purpose of which would be to prevent marriages between incompatible people like his parents.
True love in itself is a crucial factor in a monogamous relationship. But there is another factor of exclusivity, according to Oswald Schwartz. Love means a sense of inner union; a monogamous bond in the form of marriage is an external bond. To be faithful means to maintain this connection in all its certainty. The exclusivity of this connection, however, necessitates that the person form the "correct" connection; not only must he be willing to bind himself, but he must also know with whom he binds himself. It becomes extremely important that he picks the right partner. Erotic (sensory) maturity - in the sense of an internal readiness sufficient for a monogamous relationship - thus includes a double requirement: the ability to choose a partner and the ability to remain faithful to that chosen partner. Youth is a time of preparation for sex, as well as for life in general. Youth must explore, seek and find the "right" partner. Youth must also "learn" to be faithful in time. These two requirements often contradict each other. On the one hand, in order to develop the ability to choose a partner, a young person must acquire at least some degree of erotic vision and erotic practice. On the other hand, as the ability to be faithful develops, the young person must learn to resist changes in mood, stick to one partner, and maintain existing relationships. In some cases, he (the pronoun "he" here refers to both male and female sex) may be in doubt whether to give up this particular connection in order to try as many "other connections in the end as the only correct one", or to maintain the existing bond as long as possible in order to learn marital fidelity as soon as possible. In practice, the best advice for a young person facing such a dilemma is to assume that he is misrepresenting the question itself. Let him ask himself the question: does he want to "quit" the existing meaningful relationship for him because of the fear of being bound and trying to avoid responsibility; otherwise, he should ask himself if he is clinging too violently to an already moribund and dying bond for fear of being forced to be alone for weeks or months. If he looks at his subjective motives in this way, he will find that it is not at all difficult to make an objective decision.
Scheler defines love as a spiritual movement towards the highest value of a loved one, as a spiritual act in which this highest value is comprehended (he calls it the "salvation" of a person). Spranger makes a similar observation that love "embraces" potential value opportunities in a loved one. Von Hattingberg puts it differently: love sees man as God "intended" him to be. Love, one might say, reveals to us the value image of a person. By doing this, it (love) performs a metaphysical act, since the value image that opens up before us as a result of the spiritual uplift caused by love is, in essence, the “image” of something invisible, unreal, or rather, unrealized. In the spiritual act of love, we comprehend a person not only by what he "is" in all his uniqueness and originality, but also by what he can become and become (using the old terminology, we know his entelechy). Let's remember the definition of human existence as a possibility-possibility of realizing a value, realizing oneself. Therefore, love is nothing more and nothing less than this "opportunity" of a person. We can observe in parentheses that psychotherapy must also seek to see those with whom it has to deal in their own, most personal possibilities, in order to anticipate the potential values ​​in them. Part of the metaphysical riddle of this spiritual act, which we call love, is precisely the fact that in the existing image of a loved one she manages to discern his potential image.
Awareness of values ​​can only enrich a person. In fact, this inner enrichment is part of the meaning of his life, as we have already seen in our discussion of relationship values. Thus, love inevitably enriches the one who loves. And since this is so, then there can be no such thing as "unrequited, unhappy love"; the term itself contains an internal contradiction. Either you really love - in which case you should feel enriched whether your love is shared or not - or you do not truly love, do not seek to penetrate the essence of another person, but rather completely ignore this essence and seek in he has only physical attractiveness or some (psychological) character trait - in a word, those qualities that he "has" and which you could "possess". In such a situation, your feelings may well turn out to be unrequited, but then this means that you do not love either. We must all keep this in mind: infatuation blinds us; true love enables us to see. Love opens our eyes to the spiritual essence of another person, to the real nature of his uniqueness, potential values ​​hidden in him. Love allows us to experience the personality of another person as a whole unique world and thereby leads to the expansion of our own world.
While it thus enriches and "rewards" us, it also brings undoubted benefits to the other person, leading him to those potential values ​​that can only be seen and predicted in love. Love helps a loved one to become what the lover sees him. Because the one who is loved always strives to become worthy of the one who loves him, trying to more and more correspond to the ideas of himself that have developed in the one who loves him, and thus he becomes more and more similar to the image that it was "conceived and wanted by God." Therefore, even if "unrequited" love enriches us and brings us happiness, then "shared" love clearly has a creative power. With mutual love, in which everyone wants to be worthy of their partner, to become what the partner sees him, such an amazing and mutually enriching process takes place in which each partner surpasses the other and, thus, elevates him.
We have shown that unrequited or unhappy love is a terminological contradiction. From a psychological point of view, this expression is imbued with self-pity. In matters of gender relations, it is especially obvious that the hedonistic point of view is not justified. Like audiences in the theater, actors acting in life generally find tragedies to be deeper experiences than comedies. Even when our experiences in love are unhappy, we not only become enriched, but also get a deeper sense of life, such experiences lead to inner growth and personal maturity.
Of course, the inner enrichment that a person experiences in love can be accompanied by tension. Neurotic people fear these tensions and avoid anything that might lead to them. Because those who have gone through this unpleasant test at least once try not to repeat it. Therefore, the expression "unrequited love" is not only an expression of self-pity, but also a perverse savor of unhappiness. In an almost masochistic way, the thoughts of a person in a mad vicious circle twist and twist around his misery. He falls into the misery of the past in order to avoid possible happiness in the future. Instead of continuing to search until he finds what he needs, he refuses to further search. Instead of continuing with wide-open eyes to look at the "blessings" that love can give, he puts on protective glasses. As enchanted, he is permanently fixed on his unhappy experience, because he prefers not to experience the same. Such a person must be re-educated, he must learn to be ready to accept the many opportunities that may come his way. Because, according to the theory of probability, in every average person's life, for every nine unhappy love stories, there will only be one happy one. He should just wait for this particular happy one and not put obstacles in her path, using unhappiness as an excuse for a complete rejection of happiness. The psychotherapeutic treatment of the so-called unrequited love must therefore consist, on the one hand, in revealing this desire to escape and, on the other hand, in explaining the missionary predestination of not only life in general, but also love life in particular.
Even love that is reciprocated is not always free from unhappiness. Among other things, there are the pangs of jealousy. Jealousy is one aspect of the "erotic materialism" we talked about. It is based on the attitude to the object of love as to one's own property. A jealous person treats another, whom he supposedly loves, as if this person is his property; he reduces it to a commodity. He wants to have it "only for himself", thereby proving that he thinks of him only in terms of "possession." There is no place for jealousy in true love. She (jealousy) is excluded simply by definition, since true love presupposes a mutual feeling and recognition of the uniqueness and originality of partners. The rivalry, which the jealous lover fears so much, allows for the possibility of replacing him with a rival, suggests that love can be transferred to another. But this is impossible in true love, because the beloved cannot be compared with anyone else. There is another well-known type of jealousy - jealousy of the partner's past, of his predecessors. People infected with this kind of jealousy would always like to be "first." Much more modesty and dignity are shown by those who are content to be "the last." But in another sense, this is not more modesty, but rather a more demanding attitude, since such a lover, although not preoccupied with priority in relation to all of his predecessors, nevertheless considers his love as proof of his sovereign position. Anyone who is subject to any of these types of jealousy is missing the basic fact that each person is incomparable to anyone else in their inner being. Comparing yourself to someone else is to be unfair, either to yourself or to someone else (who you are jealous of). This is also true for more than just love life. Because each person has his own "start" in life. But the one who had this start was more difficult, can achieve more, all other things being equal. Since, however, all aspects of a situation imposed by fate can never be evaluated, there is simply no criterion or standard for comparing achievements.
Where the connection does not reach the level of true love, where a person is not loved so much that his uniqueness is part of this relationship, there is generally no place for jealousy. Because in this case, the relationship of love is really just not there. Jealousy, therefore, is stupidity anyway, since it appears either too early or too late. Either it is unjustified because the partner remains faithful, or it is justified because the partner is actually unfaithful (cheating). In the latter case, jealousy is, of course, meaningless, since this particular partnership no longer exists.
You might add that from a tactical point of view, jealousy is a dangerous emotion. A jealous person generates what he fears - the disappearance of love. Self-doubt due to previous failures leads the doubter to more failure (just as trust not only arises from inner strength, but also leads to greater strength). A jealous person, doubting his ability to keep his partner, can really lose him, can really push the partner into the arms of another, forcing infidelity, because he doubted his loyalty. Of course, fidelity is one of the tasks of love; but this is always a task only for the one who loves, and can never be a requirement directed at a partner. Put in the form of a requirement, it will ultimately be perceived as a challenge. This will cause protest from the partner, which sooner or later will lead him to infidelity. Trust in the other compensates for the lack of self-confidence, as well as trust in oneself, so, in general, this trust will be justified. Distrust, on the other hand, gives rise to mutual suspicion, so that in the end the distrust will also be justified.
The partner must always respond to trust with honesty. But just as trust follows a dialectical law, so honesty can turn out to be just as paradoxical: you can lie using the truth, and speak the truth, seasoned with lies - even do something completely truthful with the help of lies. This is illustrated by an example familiar to every physician. Let's say we measure the patient's blood pressure, and it turns out to be slightly increased. The patient asks what his blood pressure is. But if we tell him the truth, he will be alarmed so that his pressure will increase even more. If, however, we do not tell him the truth, but tell him a lower number than we really are, we will cheer him up and his blood pressure will gradually decrease - so that our lies will turn out to be true. Throughout life in general, and especially in love life, fanatical adherence to truth at any cost turns into a similar paradox.
Consider the following example. The patient asked the doctor for advice: to confess or not to her husband in a harmless, in general, and besides, a failed attempt to cheat on him. The doctor was of the opinion that she should not mention this. First, he knew that the woman wanted to confess her alleged "infidelity" only out of neurotic motives, starting her affair only in order to provoke her husband, "test" him. Secondly, objectively (that is, only on the merits of the case, if one does not pay attention to the motivation and origin of this situation), the doctor believed that by telling the "truth" the patient would only deceive her husband. Since her confession would have misled him: he would have thought that there was more to this confession than what she was trying to confess, otherwise she would not feel the need to confess to anything at all. The woman did not follow the advice of her doctor, and the result was a divorce, which was neither legally nor humanly necessary.
Let us now move from the problem of suspected infidelity to the problem of infidelity in place. Here we are immediately faced with a double standard of morality: adultery between a man and a woman is usually condemned in very different ways. A woman is usually judged much more severely for adultery than a man. Perhaps the injustice of such a double morality is only apparent. Because from a psychological point of view, the relationship of the sexes to sexual life varies significantly. Allers, for example, emphasized this difference in the following formula: a man gives himself up to love; a woman surrenders in love.
Finally, we must not underestimate the social cause of this double moral standard. If a woman who has had "love affairs" with several men has a child, she can never know for sure who the father of her child is; while a husband who is unfaithful to his wife can be absolutely sure of his paternity if the spouse remains faithful to him.
Discussion of the issues of unfaithfulness of partners can lead to numerous and very different conclusions. The variety of possible attitudes toward infidelity makes it a solid reason for actualizing relationship values. One person will avenge the pain inflicted on him by the dissolution of the marriage; the other will forgive and be reconciled; the third will try to re-conquer this partner, to win him back for himself.
A pragmatic view of eroticism not only turns a partner into a special kind of property, but also makes the sexual act itself a commodity. This is especially striking in the phenomenon of prostitution. As a psychological problem, prostitution is as much a matter for prostitutes as for their "clients". What we said earlier in a different context is completely true here: economic necessity does not impose any particular type of behavior on anyone. In other words, necessity alone cannot force a psychologically and morally healthy woman to engage in prostitution. On the contrary, it is often simply amazing how stubbornly many women resist the temptation to engage in prostitution, despite the economic need. For them there can be no question of such a solution to material difficulties, and their resistance seems as natural as the harassment of a typical prostitute seems natural.
As for the clientele of such body trade, the typical client is looking for just such an impersonal and non-binding form of love life, which will give him a connection with the "product". In terms of psychological hygiene, prostitution is as dangerous as it is in terms of body hygiene. Psychological danger, however, is not easy to avoid. The main danger is that prostitution fosters the kind of attitude toward sex that wise sex education tries to prevent. This position, in which sex is seen as a simple means of pleasure, is purely decadent sexualism. Sexuality, which is meant to be a means of expressing love, becomes subordinate to the pleasure principle, and the gratification of instincts, sexual pleasure, becomes the ultimate goal.
When young people who seek love grow up to be sexually active adults, it is often the result of inappropriate parenting. For example, we are familiar with the case when a mother sent her son to prostitutes in order to distract him from his love for a girl, whom she considered economically and socially "lower" than her offspring.
The direction of the impulses of love on the path of prostitution, the reduction of sex to a simple satisfaction of instincts, most likely, blocks the path to the correct erotic life, in which sex is intended to be nothing more than an expression - and nothing less than a crown of love. If, thanks to his connections with prostitutes, a young man "becomes obsessed" on sexual pleasure as an end in itself, his entire future marriage life may be disrupted. Because when he truly falls in love, he will no longer be able to turn back, or move forward, or achieve the true relationship of a real lover to sex. For a lover, a sexual act is a physical manifestation of a spiritual union. But when a man is accustomed to sex not as a means of expression, but as an end in itself, he sharply divides all women into two classes - the class of Madonnas and the class of whores - with all the ensuing psychological difficulties. Such cases are well known in the annals of psychotherapy.
For a woman, there are also models that interfere with her normal development in understanding sex as an expression of love. Here again, the damage done is difficult to fix. In one such case, the girl maintained an exclusively platonic relationship with her boyfriend; she refused to have sexual intercourse with him because she did not feel any urge to do so. Her partner insisted more and more and even dropped this remark: "It seems to me that you are most likely frigid." From then on, she was worried that perhaps he was right. Exhausted by this fear, she decided to surrender to him, in order to prove to him and to herself that he was wrong. The result of such an experiment was inevitably her complete inability to experience real pleasure. Because the impulse is not yet ripe; he had not awakened and could not yet be awakened. Instead of waiting for it to develop gradually and naturally, the girl rushed towards her first sexual experience with a desperate desire to prove her ability to experience pleasure, but at the same time with a secret fear that she might not be able to do so. The very artificiality of such a situation would inevitably suppress any impulses, even if they were awakened. Under such circumstances, it is not at all surprising that the girl, anxiously watching herself, could neither give herself up to sex, nor answer it. A possible consequence of such disappointment in a future love life or in marriage for a woman can be psychogenic frigidity.
The " mechanism" of what is called "anticipatory anxiety" is well known to the psychotherapist. Something wrong happens when consciousness tries to regulate actions that are usually carried out automatically. The stutterer most often watches closely how he speaks - he concentrates his attention on the act of speaking, and not on what he wants to say. And so he suppresses himself - as if his speech is a motor that he is trying to get into with his hands, instead of just starting it and letting it work on its own. It is often enough to teach the stutter to switch to "thinking out loud". If only he thinks out loud, the mouth will speak by itself - and the freer, the less you follow it. If he can be taught this, he will definitely get rid of stuttering. As we will show below, psychotherapy for insomnia is based on a similar approach. If a person mistakenly fixes his consciousness on the process of falling asleep, if he is desperately trying to fall asleep, he creates an internal tension that makes sleep absolutely impossible. Fear of insomnia is the same anticipatory anxiety that prevents falling asleep in these cases, obsessively confirming the fact of insomnia, which in turn strengthens the initial anxiety, thus closing a vicious circle.
A similar process occurs with every person who begins to worry about their sexual health. His introspection intensifies, and he begins to fear that something will not work out for him. This anxiety in itself leads to the development of impotence. The sexual neurotic fixes his attention not on the partner (as any normal lover does), but on the sexual act as such. As a result, the act fails — it simply cannot succeed, because it does not happen “naturally,” but is persistently desired. In such cases, the task of psychotherapy is to break this vicious circle of sexual anticipatory anxiety by removing this fixation on the act itself. The patient must be convinced that he never feels obligated to perform a sexual act. Anything that the patient might regard as a "sex drive" should be avoided. This urge can come from a partner (if, for example, she is an impulsive, sexually demanding woman), or from her own self (for example, from a “decision” made to have a sexual act on a certain, specific day), or from a situation (accompanying others to a brothel).
When all these types of urges, which negatively affect the sexual neurotic, have been eliminated, the patient should learn to be at ease until he reaches naturalness in his sexual behavior. But even before such therapy is implemented, an attempt should be made to show the patient that his initial unhealthy reaction is understandable. Thus, the patient will be freed from the feeling that he is suffering from some kind of somatic pathology. In other words, he must learn to recognize the harmful effects of anticipatory anxiety and the vicious circle into which it leads; and he should know that his reaction is a failure that is common for a normal person.
The young man consulted a doctor about his sexual potency. It turned out that after a conflict lasting several years, he finally persuaded his partner to "become his." She appointed him the first night of the upcoming religious holiday. This promise was made two weeks before the holiday. During those two weeks, the young man could barely sleep from intense anticipation. Finally they went out of town for the weekend; they were to spend the night in a hut in the Alps. At night, when this patient climbed the stairs to the bedroom, he was so agitated - and not by sexual arousal, but by that very anticipating anxiety - that, as he himself later described, his heart was beating so hard and he was trembling so that he could hardly go. Where did the potency come from!
The doctor had to explain how hopeless it is to count on success in sex in such an internal and external state and how understandable and natural the patient's response is. His behavior in such a situation was completely normal and in no way pathological. The patient finally realized that in his case it was not about the true impotence, which he feared so much (a fear that generates the neurosis of anticipatory anxiety and, thus, becomes the starting point of a vicious circle). This understanding was enough to restore his confidence. He realized that this is not at all a sign of a serious illness, when a man is not able to do two things at once: to be lovingly loyal to his partner (a prerequisite for the ability to react and perform sexual intercourse) and at the same time observe himself with anxious foreboding. The function of such a psychotherapeutic procedure is to get rid of anticipatory anxiety as soon as it appears. The dangerous self-hypnosis generated by such anxiety is not allowed to develop, it is suppressed at the very beginning.
And here we again and again - this time in the sphere of sexual life, in the psychology and pathology of sexual behavior - we see how blindly self-contained striving for happiness, how hopeless are even the most desperate attempts to achieve happiness in itself, to achieve pleasure as such - they are all doomed to fail. We have already said in another context that the pursuit of happiness is not one of the main motives of man; that, in general, life is by no means limited to an orientation towards obtaining pleasure. Kant noticed in his time that a person wants to be happy, but what he really should wish for is to be worthy of happiness. We, however, are of the opinion that a person does not just want to be happy. Rather, he wants to have a reason to be happy. In other words, all these transfers - from the object of desire to desire itself, from the goal (the basis for happiness) to pleasure (the consequence of achieving this goal) - represent a derived form of human motivation. This derived form lacks immediacy. It is this lack of naturalness and immediacy that characterizes all neurotic experiences. We have already seen how they can lead to neurotic and especially sexual disorders. Immediacy and, therefore, the truth of sexual intention is a prerequisite and indispensable condition for potency in a man. In connection with sexual pathology, Oswald Schwartz coined the word "exemplary" to express the truth of intention. Typical of the "exemplary" person is that he is not easily embarrassed; with a characteristic confidence of instinct, he avoids all situations that he could not cope with, prefers to stay away from any environment in which he might not "fit". The behavior of a sensitive person who comes to a prostitute and becomes impotent would be strikingly unremarkable. There is nothing pathological in this behavior itself; it is not yet characteristically neurotic. Sexual failure in such a situation can be expected from a normal cultured person. But the very fact that this person is in a situation where his impotence becomes the only way to get out of it is proof that he is not "exemplary."
So far, we have dealt with issues related to the nature of love. Let us now turn to its origin. Psychosexual maturation begins during adolescence (puberty). With physiological maturation, sex (in a narrower sense of the word) enters human consciousness so unexpectedly that, by analogy with Shilder's formulation in relation to psychosis, we can speak of "invasion of the psyche of the bodily (organic) world." The teenager is not prepared for this sudden intrusion of sexuality into his psyche, and the natural reaction is often something like shock. The psychological disturbances that may follow this are therefore not pathological.
At the time when sexuality "falls" on the personality of a teenager, it is not yet something strictly psychological. It should rather be called a psychic response to a somatic event, simply a psychic consequence of a hormonal shift, or a psychic expression of tension in the endocrine glands. This physiologically determined sexuality is initially amorphous, not yet formed as a personality formation. In other words, it is not yet integrated. Only as psychosexual maturation progresses, sexuality is organized by the personality and assimilated by human life. In the beginning, sex is not yet a personality tendency; rather, he is a motivation without purpose and direction. In the course of further development and maturation, this urge becomes more and more directed; there is an increase in its selectivity and intentionality. Sexuality is more and more approaching the core of the personality, more and more penetrates the category of forces generated by personal motives. The first step is when the sexual urge acquires a goal in the form of "release" of the state of arousal; any partner of the opposite sex is suitable for this purpose.
Thus, "unobserved" sexual tension becomes a real sexual urge directed towards an instinctively formed goal. Later, an additional directional factor appears: the sexual instinct is directed towards a specific person, a specific representative of the opposite sex; now there is a specific object. The vague, unobserved urge first became purposeful; now the targeted impulse is directed towards a specific person. To an indefinite instinctive drive (genitosexual in nature), a specific object was added: a loved one as a partner. Thus, sexual urge, sexual instinct, and sexual urge mark different stages of psychosexual maturation, each stage characterized by an increase in intentional selectivity. Thus, as a person matures, his personality begins to be expressed more and more in his sexuality.
What is the origin of this guiding factor? What makes the instinct focus on a particular person? This probably cannot happen by itself. Instinct, sexuality as a whole, acquire their intentionality from a completely different tendency - both in essence and in origin (that is, not simply as a result of sublimation - from an inherent (immanent) erotic desire in man. It should be called immanent because its presence can be detected always, no matter how deeply it is buried. Even in those cases when it goes beyond consciousness, its embryos can be found in the past. This desire at the same time should be called "erotic", because it is sharply different from all In young people, for example, it has the form of a desire for camaraderie, for tenderness, for intimacy and mutual understanding. Young people are drawn to spiritual intimacy, completely different from sexual contacts. Thus, this desire is "erotic" in a narrow sense of the word, it is primary, not derived from sexuality.
Even a person who clearly seeks only sexual pleasures sooner or later experienced these more subtle drives, which Freud considered to interfere with the achievement of the goal by tendencies, but which we consider directly erotic aspirations and which, most likely, achieve the goal of true satisfaction, and not undefined sexual urge. In this or that situation, even an adherent of purely sexual satisfaction has probably more than once made higher demands on his partner, on his not only physical, but also mental qualities. And all such impulses and demands come to the fore, even when they are deeply hidden in the husk of vulgar sexual debauchery. Interesting in this regard is the case reported by a dancer in a nightclub. When she brought a drunk man to her home, he suddenly began to insistently suggest that the two of them pretend that they are a happy married couple and that the husband is returning home from work and the wife is affectionate with him - and all this is absolutely deliberately opposed to sexuality. without even intending to present it as a prelude to sex. Here the element that was suppressed breaks through. Because this repressed, repressed element was love, the erotic tendency was pushed into the background by the sexual instinct. And even in this repressed, crippled form of erotic life - the relationship between a nightclub dancer and her partner - an inner urge for a higher type of eroticism is bursting out.
The immanent erotic tendency, therefore, is what causes sexuality to move from a simple physical "urge" through a psychological urge to a spiritual urge that emanates from one's own "I" and is directed towards the "Ego" of another person. During the normal or ideal course of psychosexual development, a gradual transformation of purely sexual motivation into an erotic tendency occurs, until finally sex merges with eroticism and the content of the erotic tendency coincides with sexual impulses. A successful synthesis of sexuality and eroticism is achieved. An instinct that has acquired its directionality from an erotic tendency - namely, its focus on a certain specific person - is then firmly associated with that person.
This maturational process therefore logically leads to a monogamous attitude, as required by the erotic tendency. A truly mature person will only feel sexual desire when he is in love; he will only consider sexual intercourse where sex is an expression of love. Monogamous relationships thus become the culmination of psychosexual development, the goal of gender education, and the ideal of sexual ethics. Since this is an ideal, it is very rarely achieved; usually they only approach him, to a greater or lesser extent. Like all ideals, this ideal is also only a guiding principle: "It is set up like the bull's-eye of a target, at which one must always aim, even if one does not always hit it" (G "those). Just as rarely is anyone capable of true love, so rarely does anyone reach the highest stage of development of a mature love life. But, in the end, the "task" of each person is "eternal", and a person's ability to develop is infinite, like the path to the horizon, to the goal, capable of receding into infinity as one moves towards it, is endless. And even then it is a matter of the development of the individual's personality. For it is not yet clear whether and in what sense there is progress in the history of mankind. The only progress we know for sure is technological progress, and perhaps it impresses us as progressing forward just because we live in a technological age.
It is easier for women than for men to realize this ideal goal of the normal maturational process. This, of course, is only true as a generalization and under modern conditions. For a woman to feel sexual desire only where physical attraction is combined with the desire for spiritual union is the limit of the norm. Every "unspoiled" woman knows that this is exactly what she feels. A man does not reach this stage without a struggle. A woman is helped by the following factor: if she remains virgin until she enters into a physical union with a man whom she finally and truly loves, monogamous relationships are easier for her, since from the very beginning of sexual relations with her husband as her eroticism so her sexuality is almost automatically fixed on the personality of her partner and her sexuality reacts to him, and only to him, like a conditioned reaction to a single stimulus.
Normal psychosexual maturation is subject to various types of impairment. There are three types of severe developmental disorders, which correspond to three types of neurosis.
Those suffering from the first type of neurosis are young people who have already completed the transformation of unformed sexual motives into personified erotic preferences. They have successfully achieved higher forms of sexual behavior, characterized by a deeper relationship to their partners, and are already in a culmination state in which physiological impulses and erotic attraction merge in a single striving for the internally integral personality of their beloved. If at this last stage a "failure" occurs, caused, for example, by some kind of disappointment, then because of this "unhappy love" the young man may become so discouraged that his path to the normal development of the highest form of love life is "blocked". He no longer believes that he will ever be able to find again such a person who could evoke such respect for the individual in him and at the same time be so physically attractive. And so he plunges into purely sensual pleasures; in sexual "frenzy" he tries to forget his unhappy erotic experience. The amount of sexual pleasure and instinctual satisfaction thus replaces the quality of deeper accomplishments in love life. The emphasis shifts from eroticism to sexuality. The sexual instinct suddenly begins to demand as much satisfaction as possible. Providing such satisfaction for himself, the young man more and more deviates from the goal of psychosexual development, becomes less and less able to master the synthesis of eroticism and sexuality. Disappointment forces him to descend to a lower level - the level of pure sexuality; he returns to an earlier stage of development. Since this type of psychosexual maturational disorder arises from frustration, we call it the “offended type”.
The diary of one of the offenders, which we managed to read, reveals much of the content of the inner struggle of a neurotic of the "offended type". Even when he was a very young boy, he was drawn into sex orgies. In these companies, among other things, he was forced into homosexual contacts. If we take into account the fact that the goal of sexual arousal in such a situation was practically absent, it is quite clear that at this stage of psychosexual development, perverse goals and objects of instinctive drives may appear. The young man moved in the most depraved companies, which included criminals - not just sexual perverts - until one day he met a group of young people who were mountaineering enthusiasts and political idealists. Here he met a girl with whom he fell in love. His whole life changed instantly, especially his sexual one. At first, he had no sexual intentions towards the girl he loved. There has been a sharp shift in emphasis from sexuality to eroticism. Despite his premature acquaintance with the sex life, he has now taken a step forward towards the stage of "non-sexual" eroticism. One day, however, when this girl rejected him, he went back to his old life — seeking gross pleasure — both sexual and otherwise. His social - as well as sexual - behavior slipped backwards. The words that he wrote in his diary sound like a cry of despair, words in the imagination addressed to this girl: "You want me to become what I was once, so that I would return to my old life - sitting in dens, drinking and indulging in debauchery? " The second type of abnormal psychosexual maturation is represented by people who have never achieved a proper erotic relationship with partners. People of this type are limited to pure sexuality from the very beginning. They don't even try to combine sexual demands with erotic ones (in our understanding of the term), they don't try to respect or love their sexual partner. They consider it impossible to have a real love relationship, they do not consider themselves capable of experiencing love, or at least instilling it in themselves. Instead of setting themselves the task of synthesizing sexuality and eroticism, they accept the status quo. In contrast to the previous type ("offended type"), we will call this type "humility type".
Since people of this type do not believe in the possibility of love for themselves, they do not believe in love at all. They believe that love is an illusion. In reality, they say, everything is limited to sex; love only occurs in novels and is an unrealizable ideal.
The so-called type of don Juan belongs to this class. He makes a great impression on simple (inexperienced) souls, they consider him an erotic hero. But in reality, he is a weak-willed person who never dared to experience the experience of true love that fills life with meaning. Despite all the sexual pleasure he has experienced in life, and the number of sexual partners that he has on his account, he remains internally devastated. His inner world is much poorer than the world of a person who truly loved, and his life is much less "fulfilled" than the life of most other people.
The third and final type we will call the "inactive type". People of the first two types never achieve more than sex; sexually, the inactive type does not even achieve this. While a person of the “offended type” experiences, at least at the beginning, an erotic attraction, and a person of a “humble type” experiences a sexual attraction, a representative of the inactive type has no partnership at all, avoiding it completely. He is neither erotically nor sexually active. He remains in isolation, alone with his physiological instinct, and masturbation is the expression of this isolation. This is the form that sex takes on single people. Sexuality is experienced indirectly; during the act of masturbation, there is completely no object outside of oneself, any orientation towards a partner.
Masturbation is certainly not a disease, not a cause for disease; rather, it is a sign of a developmental disorder or a perverse attitude towards love life. Hypochondriacal thoughts about the dire consequences of masturbation are unfounded. But the "hangover" that usually occurs after the act of masturbation has a cause completely unrelated to these hypochondriacal thoughts. At the heart of this hangover is the guilt that comes to a person every time he, avoiding an active, directed sex life, seeks passive, undirected sexual experiences. We have already called this type of flight the main motive for intoxicating. So it’s all the more important that masturbation — like drinking — is followed by a hangover.
In addition to those who masturbate, the inactive type also includes all those young people who suffer from so-called sexual dysfunctions. Sexual impairment should be understood as an expression of a more general psychological disorder. This is the problem of a person who is "alone" with his urge and therefore experiences severe frustration, but only as long as he is alone with him. Whenever the erotic element predominates, as happens in normal development, sexuality does not grow to some dangerous extent and there is no conflict between the erotic tendency and sexuality. Only when there is a displacement in the course of a distorted development - when, for example, the aforementioned shift in emphasis from eroticism back to sexuality occurs - the conflicts and mental tension that form the basis of sexual disorder arise. From the previous statement, one might conclude that an unsatisfied sexual instinct is the source of this disorder, as if the disorder is therefore necessarily associated with sexual abstinence. In reality, however, this is not so: abstinence as such is far from the same as disorder. We will dwell on this issue in more detail below. This is only true for maturing young people, not adults. But, as soon as a young man suffers from a sexual disorder, this indicates that his sexual instinct is not yet (or already) not subject to the erotic tendency and therefore does not organically fit into the complete system of his personal aspirations (desires). The outdated belief in sexual dysfunction is used for the purpose of sexual propaganda. In this direction, both the misunderstanding and the vulgar interpretation of psychoanalysis are used. This means that the unsatisfied sexual instinct itself - and not the suppression of this instinct - must inevitably lead to neurosis. The harmlessness of sexual abstinence was preached to young people. Such doctrines have done great harm, contributing to the development of neurotic sexual preoccupation. The slogan was proclaimed: "Sexual relations at any cost" - even among young people, when, on the contrary, sexuality should be allowed to mature calmly, moving towards a healthy, meaningful eroticism, consonant with human dignity, towards eroticism, in which the sexual element is the expression and crown of love ... This type of eroticism must necessarily be preceded by the onset of sexual relations. But if one enters the realm of pure sex prematurely, the young man is not able to move on to the synthesis of sexuality and eroticism.
Consider now what can be done with therapy in cases of so-called juvenile sexual disorder. This question is pertinent because the successful treatment of such a sexual disorder sheds light on its origin. The therapy is very simple. It is enough to introduce a young man suffering from such a disorder into a mixed company of his age. There he will sooner or later fall in love, that is, he will find a partner, in an erotic, not a sexual sense. As soon as this happens, his sexual disorder will disappear instantly. Such young people often admit, for example, that they literally "forgot" about masturbation. Their desire to be with their chosen one is completely free of sexual urges. Even in their wildest dreams of her, they do not feel an immediate desire for sexual gratification. As soon as they fall in love, rough sexuality automatically fades into the background. Eroticism comes to the fore. There is a sharp shift in emphasis from sexuality to eroticism, a sudden change in the ratio between sexual and erotic tendencies, which are often antagonistic in young people.
When treating young people suffering from sexual dysfunction, we must consider the inverse relationship between sexuality and eroticism. Apparently, their mutual connection and the resulting reduction and cessation of suffering from dissatisfaction with the sexual instinct, despite sexual arousal, in relation to young people are subject to certain laws. The wide experience of counseling psychologists who worked with young people confirmed the systematic nature of this phenomenon, as well as conversations with a large number of young people in connection with conversations about the sexual education of young people. Among the many thousands of young people surveyed, every single one acknowledged the effect of this shift from sexuality to eroticism.
As we said, this problem takes a different form in mature people. In adults, sexual urges go hand in hand with erotic tendencies, since as a result of this synthesis of sexuality with eroticism that emerges with maturity, sexual and erotic aspirations are fused together. However, sexual abstinence does not lead to neurotic symptoms in adults. If we find neurotic symptoms in adults in the presence of sexual abstinence, it is not at all necessary to regard them as a consequence of sexual abstinence - they rather accompany it - since in such cases it usually turns out that abstinence itself is one of the symptoms of latent neurosis.
Among those young people who got rid of their sexual disorder as a result of the shift in the dominant tendency from sexuality to eroticism, the sexual instinct sooner or later comes to the fore again with the growth of maturity and declares itself by its demands. However, this postponement nevertheless achieved something vital, because the young man was given time to mature. Now, with the predominance of the erotic tendency, he can create such erotic relationships, within which it is already possible to consider the possibility of sexual relationships. Now there is a love relationship for which sexual intercourse can be a means of expression - which is exactly the goal we strive for. But something much more is happening. In the meantime, the young man's sense of responsibility has already developed so much that he can now decide for himself and for his partner whether to enter, and if so, when, into a serious sexual relationship with him. We can now provide him with this solution with a clear conscience. Because, if such a relationship is achieved, their sexuality takes the appropriate form-form of physical expression of spiritual, meaningful intimacy, the form of expression of love.
Let us now summarize briefly a doctor's point of view on sexual relations between young people. What should be advised regarding abstinence or sexual intercourse for young people? We offer the following basic guidelines. Firstly, from a somatic, medical point of view, neither abstinence nor sexual intercourse are contraindicated - with a certain physical maturity. In this respect, the doctor must be completely neutral, since he knows that neither sexual relations nor sexual abstinence do physical harm. But in the sense of mental hygiene, it cannot be neutral; from this point of view, he is forced to take a certain position. He should oppose sexual relations, veto them if he can, whenever young people want to have sex without true love. Where this is the case (and only where it is), he should actively oppose such a relationship. Sexual intercourse between young people who have matured physiologically, but not psychosexually, is contraindicated.
Another point of view from which the question of sexual relations between young people can be considered (the other two are the somatic and psychohygienic points of view) is the point of view of sexual ethics. And from this point of view, the doctor can never say "yes", can never directly recommend sexual intercourse in any given case. Because there is already a border, beyond which there is no room for even the kindest advice. It is not the doctor's function as an advisor to relieve the responsibility of the person seeking advice; on the contrary, the task of the doctor is to teach him responsibility. The young man will have to make decisions at his own peril and risk, completely under his own responsibility. The question of whether a young man who truly loves his partner can have sexual intercourse with him (her) cannot be answered by a doctor or counseling psychologist; it remains a personal, moral problem for each individual person. The most that a doctor can do is to note that abstinence is okay - if a person voluntarily decides to follow this particular course for some reason (perhaps because he believes that this is a necessary sacrifice for his love). The responsibility that the lover assumes affects the partner not only as a person. Because, especially if the monogamous relationship is to end in marriage, there are social, economic and eugenic aspects of responsibility that a young person must take into account. As we have seen in another context, marriage includes a number of independent spheres of existence, going beyond the purely psychological relationship.
The therapist, however, is called upon to deal only with the psychological problems of his clients, his only concern is the inner capacity for monogamous communication, and how to promote such a monogamous relationship. In dealing with young people, the therapist must support them so that they are not afraid of the difficulties with which youth is so full - this inevitable period of erotic maturation. A young man will need a lot of inner strength and courage in order not to "waste himself", falling in love, disappointed, seeking reciprocity, experiencing loneliness, etc. In cases where sexuality threatens to outstrip eroticism and become the dominant trend, the therapist or sex education practitioners should vigorously raise their voice of caution. A large-scale statistical psychological study conducted at school by Charlotte Buehler showed that serious sexual relations between too young girls (who, according to our assumption, are not yet ready for erotic relationships) led to a pronounced narrowing of their common interests, to a limitation of their intellectual horizon. In the structure of an unformed personality, the sexual instinct, promising a quick and easy achievement of pleasure and frantically demanding satisfaction, seems to absorb all other interests. As a result of this distorted development, the inner preparation for the usually assumed and culturally sanctified state of marriage inevitably suffers. For a happy and stable marriage is guaranteed only by the achievement of the ideal goal of normal psychosexual development - inner maturity and readiness for monogamous relationships, and this requires a fruitful synthesis of sexuality and eroticism.
The basis of human existence as a whole, as has been noted more than once, is responsibility. The psychiatric consultant has an additional responsibility as he is responsible for the patient who turns to him for advice. His responsibility is further enhanced when asked for advice on sexual matters. Because this responsibility concerns not only those with whom he has to communicate directly, but may also affect the fate of the future generation. All those involved in the sex education of adolescents must be aware of the full extent of their responsibility. In carrying out their tasks, they will have to adhere to the basic principles of parenting adolescents. Trust is perhaps the most important factor in such a relationship. This trust is of threefold nature: first, there is the belief of young people in their caregiver, be it a parent or teacher, youth leader, family doctor or counselor. The adult should make every effort to win and maintain the young person's trust. This is especially important when it comes to getting young people to be 'educated about life'. On this issue, we will only say the following: such information about the sexual sphere should in no case be given to a whole group of "listeners". Because when this is done, some of the revelations will reach too early and it will frighten them, while others will come too late and seem ridiculous. Teaching each boy and each girl individually is the only sensible way. Here the young man's trust in his caregiver plays a primary role. Experiencing this trust, a young man, worried about sexual issues, will turn only to the adult whom he trusts, and at the right time, not earlier or later.
The second kind of faith that should be the goal of educating adolescents is a young person's own faith in himself, which will help him not to lose heart on the steep road to personal maturity. The third dimension of faith is our faith in this young man - a faith that is ideally designed to support and enhance his self-confidence and build the foundation for his faith in us. By trusting him (or her), we help him develop independence of thought and action and thereby support his own steps towards his freedom and responsibility. Part C. BASICS OF LOGOTHERAPY What is the meaning
I tried to convey the idea that existence fluctuates if there is no “strong idea,” as Freud called it, or an ideal to strive for. In the words of Albert Einstein, "a person who considers his life meaningless is not only unhappy, he is hardly fit for life at all."
However, existence is not only intentional but also transcendental. Self-transcendence is the essence of existence. To be human is to be directed not at yourself, but at something else. Among this other, as Rudolf Allers writes, the preservation of the "otherness", the objectivity of the object means the preservation of the tension established between the object and the subject. This is the same tension as the tension between "I am" and "I must." I love to compare this need with the story told in the Bible. When the children of Israel wandered in the wilderness. God's glory moved ahead in the form of a cloud: only in this way could God lead Israel. But imagine what would happen if the presence of God, symbolized by a cloud, were in the midst of the Israelites: instead of leading them, this cloud would cover everything with fog, and Israel would go astray.
In this sense, the riskiness of the "confluence of facts and values" that occurs "with extreme experiences and among self-actualizing people" is understandable. The primordial and natural human concern for meaning and values ​​is threatened by the prevailing subjectivism and relativism that undermine idealism and enthusiasm.
I want to draw your attention to an example taken from an article by an American psychologist: "Charles ... was especially 'angry', as he called it, when he received a bill for professional services, for example from a dentist or doctor, and either paid part of the bill or did not paid at all ... I personally have a different attitude towards debt, I highly value the accuracy in paying my bills.In this situation, I do not discuss my own values, I focus on the psychodynamics of his behavior ... because my own compulsive need to pay bills accurately motivated neurotically ... Under no circumstances do I consciously try to guide or persuade a patient to accept my values, because I am convinced that values ​​... are rather relative ... rather than absolute. "I believe that paying bills makes sense regardless of whether someone likes it, and regardless of the unconscious meaning it may have. Gordon W. Allport rightly once said: "Freud was an expert on just those motives that cannot be taken at face value." This is what Dr. Julius Heuscher writes in a review of two volumes that the famous Freudian-oriented psychoanalyst dedicated to G „ those: "On 1538 pages, the author presents us with a genius with signs of manic-depressive, paranoid and epileptoid disorders, homosexuality, tendency to incest, sexual perversion, exhibitionism, fetishism, impotence, narcissism, obsessive-compulsive neurosis, megalomania and hysteria. .. He seems to focus solely on the instinctive dynamic forces underlying ... the artistic product. We must believe that Goth's creation is just the result of pregenital fixations. His struggle is not aimed at the ideal, not beauty, not values, but overcoming the disturbing problem of premature ejaculation ... "" This book shows again, - the author of the review concludes, - that the basis explicit positions (of psychoanalysis) have not really changed "Now we can understand how right William Irwin Thompson is when asking the question:" If the most educated people of our culture continue to view geniuses as latent sexual perverts, if they continue to think that values ​​are special fictions normal for ordinary people, but not for an intelligent scientist who knows better how things are, is it possible to sound the alarm that the masses in our culture show little respect for values ​​and instead plunge into orgies of consumption, crime and immorality ? " It is not surprising that this is the case. More recently Lawrence John Hatterer How wise and cautious Freud was, once he noticed that sometimes a cigar can be just a cigar, and nothing else. Or was this statement itself a defense mechanism, a way to rationalize one's own smoking? Regressus in infinitum arises. After all, we do not share Freud's belief in the identity of "determination" and "motivation," as Maslow writes. There is a definition that meanings and values ​​are nothing more than reactive formations and defense mechanisms. As for me, I would not want to live for my reactive formations, and even less die for my defense mechanisms.
But are meanings and values ​​as relative and subjective as they think? In some respects, yes, but in a different way than is understood by relativism and subjectivism. The meaning is relative insofar as it refers to a specific person involved in a particular situation. We can say that the meaning changes, firstly, from person to person and, secondly, from one day to another, even from hour to hour.
Of course, I would prefer to talk about uniqueness rather than relativity of meanings. Uniqueness, however, is not only a quality of the situation, but of life as a whole, since life is a string of unique situations. Man is unique both in essence and in existence. In ultimate analysis, no one can be replaced - due to the uniqueness of each human being. And the life of each person is unique in that no one can repeat it, thanks to the uniqueness of his existence. Sooner or later, his life will end forever, along with all the unique possibilities for the realization of meaning.
Nowhere have I seen this formulated more precisely and succinctly than in the words of Hillel, the great Jewish sage who lived about two thousand years ago. He said: “If I don’t do this, who will do it? And if I don’t do it right now, then when will I do it? But if I do it only for myself, then who am I?”. “If I don’t do it”, it seems to me, refers to the uniqueness of my self. “If I don’t do it right now” refers to the uniqueness of the present moment, which gives me the opportunity to realize meaning. "If I do this only for myself" is an expression of nothing more and nothing less than a self-transcendent quality of human existence. The question "who am I if I do this only for myself?" suggests the answer: not truly human. Because the characteristic component of human existence is transcending, transcending oneself, reaching out to something else. In the words of Augustine, the human heart does not find rest until it finds and realizes the meaning and purpose of life. This formulation summarizes much in the theory and therapy of the type of neuroses that I have called noogenic.
But back to the uniqueness of meanings. It follows from what has been said that there is no such thing as a universal meaning of life, there are only unique meanings of individual situations. However, we must not forget that among them there are those who have something in common, and, therefore, there are meanings that are inherent in people of a certain society, and even more, meanings that are shared by many people throughout history. These meanings relate more to the human condition in general than to unique situations. These meanings are what is meant by values. Thus, values ​​can be defined as universals of meaning, crystallizing in typical situations faced by society or even all of humanity.
The possession of values ​​makes it easier for a person to find meaning, since, at least in typical situations, he is free from making decisions. But, unfortunately, he has to pay for this relief, because, unlike the unique meanings that permeate unique situations, it may turn out that two values ​​are in conflict with each other. And the contradictions of values ​​are reflected in the human soul in the form of value conflicts, playing an important role in the formation of noogenic neuroses.
Imagine unique meanings in the form of points, and values ​​in the form of circles. It is clear that two values ​​can intersect with each other, while this cannot happen with unique meanings.
But we must ask ourselves the question whether two values ​​can really come into conflict with each other, in other words, whether the analogy with circles on a plane is valid. Wouldn't it be more correct to compare values ​​with three-dimensional balls? Two balls projected onto a plane can produce two circles intersecting each other, while the spheres themselves do not even touch each other.
The impression that two values ​​contradict each other is a consequence of missing a whole dimension. What is this dimension? This is a hierarchical order of values. According to Max Scheler, evaluation implicitly implies a preference for one value over another. This is the end result of his deep phenomenological analysis of the evaluation process. The rank of value is experienced along with the value itself. In other words, the experience of a certain value includes the experience that it is higher than some other. There is no room for value conflicts.
However, experiencing a hierarchical order of values ​​does not relieve a person of decision-making. Attractions push a person; values ​​attract. A person is always free to accept or reject the value that is offered to him by the situation. This is also true of the hierarchical order of values ​​that are conveyed by moral and ethical traditions and norms. They must be tested by a person's conscience - unless he refuses to obey his conscience and drowns out its voices.
Having dealt with the question of the relativity of meanings, let's move on to the question of how subjective they are. Isn't it true that ultimately meanings are a matter of interpretation? And does not interpretation always imply a decision? Aren't there situations that allow for different interpretations, so one has to make a choice? In my own experience, there is. Not long before the United States entered World War II, I received an invitation from the American Embassy in Vienna to come and obtain a visa to enter the States. At that time I was living in Vienna with my parents. They, of course, did not expect anything else from me than that I would receive a visa and hasten to leave. But at the last moment, I began to doubt, asking myself, "Should I do this? Can I do this?" Because it suddenly occurred to me what it would be for my parents, namely: in a couple of weeks - that was the situation at the time - they would be thrown into a concentration camp, that is, an extermination camp. And should I leave them to their fate in Vienna? Until now, I was able to save them from this fate, because I was the head of the neurology department at the Jewish Hospital. But if I left, the situation would immediately change. Reflecting on my responsibility, I felt that in such a situation it is natural to seek advice from heaven. I went home and when I arrived I noticed a piece of marble on the table. I asked my father where he came from, and the father said: "Oh, Victor, I picked him up at the place where the synagogue stood" (it was burned down by the National Socialists). “Why did you take him with you?” I asked. "Because this is part of two slabs on which the Ten Commandments are written," and he showed me a preserved gilded Hebrew letter on marble. "I can tell you more if you want," he continued. "This letter is an abbreviation of one of the Ten Commandments." I asked impatiently: "Which one?" The answer was: "Honor your father and your mother, and you will remain on earth." Immediately I decided to stay in the country with my parents, having refused a visa.
You will be right to say that this is a projective test, that I, apparently, made a decision deep down in my heart even before that and only projected it onto a piece of marble that turned up. But if I saw only calcium carbonate in a piece of marble, this would also be the result of a projective test, that is, an expression of a sense of meaninglessness, that inner emptiness, emptiness, which I call an existential vacuum.
Thus, meaning is, most likely, something that we project into the things around us, which are in themselves neutral. And in the light of this neutrality, reality can seem like only a screen onto which we project our unconscious dreams, so to speak, a Rorschach stain. If this were so, meaning would be nothing more than a means of self-expression, that is, something deeply subjective. *
However, the only thing that is subjective is the perspective in which we see reality, and this subjectivity in the end does not detract from the objectivity of reality as such. I gave the following explanation of this phenomenon to the students of my seminar at Harvard: "Look through the windows of the lecture hall at Harvard Chapel. Each of you sees the chapel in his own way, in his own special perspective, depending on where he sits. If someone claims, that he sees the chapel in the same way as his neighbor, I will have to say that one of them is hallucinating. But does the difference in views diminish the objectivity and reality of the chapel in any way? Of course not. "
Human cognition is not like a kaleidoscope. When you look through a kaleidoscope, you only see what is inside it. But when you look through a telescope, you see something that is outside the telescope itself. And when you look at the world, or at something in the world, you also see more than, say, perspective; what is seen in perspective, however subjective it may be, is the objective world. "Seen Through" is a literal translation of the Latin word perspectum.
I have no objection to replacing the word "objective" with the more cautious term "trans-subjective", as it is used, for example, by Allers. This is the opposite of Jean-Paul Sartre's assertion that ideals and values ​​are man-made. Or, as in Sartre, a person invents himself. This reminds me of the fakir's trick. The fakir claims that he will throw the rope into the air, into an empty space and, although it will not be attached to anything, the boy will climb this rope. Doesn't Sartre want to make us believe that a person "projects" (which literally means - throws forward and upward) an ideal into emptiness, and yet he, a person, can climb to the actualization of this ideal and the perfection of his self? But this polar tension, which is absolutely necessary for a person for his mental health and moral integrity, cannot be established if the objectivity of the objective pole is not preserved, if the trans-subjectivity of meaning is not experienced by a person who must realize the meaning.
That this trans-subjectivity is experienced by a person in reality is evident from the way he speaks about his experience. If his understanding of himself is not distorted by preconceived stereotypes of interpretation, not to say indoctrination, a person speaks of meaning as something that needs to be found, not created. A phenomenological analysis that attempts to describe such experiences in an undistorted empirical manner will show that, indeed, meanings are discovered rather than created. If they are created, it is not arbitrary, but the way the answers are given. There is only one answer for each question - the correct one. Each situation has only one meaning - its true meaning.
On one of my lecture tours in the United States, the audience was asked to typeset the questions and submit them to the theologian who passed them on to me. When handing over the questions to me, the theologian suggested skipping one of them, since this is complete nonsense. "Someone wants to know," he said, "how you define six hundred in your theory of existence." When I looked at the note, I saw something different in it: "How do you define God in your theory of existence?" The print "GOD" is hard to distinguish from 600. Was this an unintentional projective test? And in the end the theologian read "600" and the neurologist read "god." But only one way of reading the question was correct. Only one way of reading was that which was meant by those who asked the question. So we came to a definition of what meaning is. Meaning is what is meant: by the person who is asking the question, or by a situation that also implies a question that needs an answer. I cannot say, "This is my answer - right or wrong." As the Americans say: "Right or wrong, this is my country." I have to do my best to find the true meaning of the question that is being asked.
Of course, a person is free to answer the questions that life asks him. But this freedom should not be confused with arbitrariness. It must be understood from the point of view of responsibility. A person is responsible for the correct answer to the question, for finding the true meaning of the situation. And meaning is something that needs to be found rather than given, rather to be discovered than to come up with. Krambo and Maholik I said that meanings cannot be given arbitrarily, but must be found responsibly. I might also say that meaning is to be sought through conscience. Indeed, conscience guides a person in his search for meaning. Conscience can be defined as a person's intuitive ability to find meaning in a situation. Since meaning is something unique, it does not fall under the general law, and such an intuitive ability as conscience is the only means of grasping meaningful gestalts.
In addition to being intuitive, conscience is also a creative ability. Again and again, a person's conscience tells him to do something contrary to what is preached by the society to which he belongs, for example, his tribe. Suppose, for example, that it is a cannibal tribe; the creative conscience of the individual may decide that in a certain situation it makes more sense to keep the enemy alive than to kill him. Thus, his conscience can start a revolution, and what at first was a unique meaning can become a universal value - "Thou shalt not kill". Today's unique meaning is tomorrow's universal value. In this way religions are created and values ​​are created.
Conscience also has the ability to discover unique meanings that contradict accepted values. The command just mentioned is followed by another, "You shall not commit adultery." In this regard, the story of a man who ended up in Auschwitz with his young wife comes to mind. When they were there, he told me after their release, they were separated, and at that moment he suddenly felt a strong urge to beg her to survive "at any cost - you understand? - at any cost ...". She understood what he meant: she was beautiful, and in the not too distant future, she could have a chance to save her life by agreeing to prostitution among the SS. And since such a situation could arise, the husband wanted in advance, so to speak, to absolve her of sin. At the last moment, his conscience forced him, ordered him to free his wife from the commandment "do not commit adultery." In a unique-truly unique-situation, the unique meaning was to abandon the universal value of marital fidelity, to break one of the commandments. Of course, this was the only opportunity to fulfill the other of the ten commandments - "Thou shalt not kill." If he had not given her this permission, he would have taken on a share of responsibility for her death.
Today we live in an era of crumbling and disappearing traditions. Therefore, instead of creating new values ​​by discovering unique meanings, the opposite is happening. Universal values ​​are declining. Therefore, an increasing number of people are gripped by a sense of aimlessness and emptiness, or, as I call it, an existential vacuum. Nevertheless, even if all universal values ​​disappear, life will remain meaningful, since unique meanings will remain unaffected by the loss of tradition. Of course, in order for a person to find meaning even in an era of lack of values, he must be fully endowed with the ability of conscience.
It can therefore be argued that in times like ours, in times of, so to speak, an existential vacuum, the main task of education is not to be content with the transmission of traditions and knowledge, but to improve the ability that gives a person the opportunity find unique meanings. Education today cannot remain in line with tradition; it must develop the ability to make independent, authentic decisions. At a time when the ten commandments seem to lose their unconditional significance, man more than ever must learn to listen to the ten thousand commandments that arise in the ten thousand unique situations that make up his life. And with regard to these commandments, he can rely and rely only on conscience. A living, clear and accurate conscience is the only thing that gives a person the ability to resist the effects of the existential vacuum - conformism and totalitarianism.
We live in times of abundance in many ways. The media bombards us with incentives to the point that we must defend ourselves against them through, so to speak, filtering. We are offered many possibilities, and we must choose among them. In short, we must make decisions about what is essential and what is not.
True conscience has nothing to do with what I would call "pseudo-morality of the superego." Nor should it be confused with the conditioning process. Conscience is definitely a human phenomenon. But we must add that it is also "just" a human phenomenon. It is subject to the general conditions of human existence in the sense that it bears the imprint of human finitude. He is not only guided by his conscience in search of meaning, but sometimes he is misled by it. If he is not a perfectionist, he will agree that conscience can be wrong.
Indeed, a person is free and responsible. But his freedom is finite. Human freedom is not omnipotence. And human wisdom is also not omniscience. A person never knows whether the meaning that he has taken for himself is true. And he doesn't even know it on his deathbed. Ignoramus et ignorabimus - we do not know and will never know how Emile Dubois-Reymond once formulated it, albeit in a completely different context, in the context of a psychophysical problem.
But in order not to contradict his humanity, a person must unconditionally obey his conscience, although he is aware of the possibility of error. I would argue that the possibility of error does not eliminate the need to try. As Gordon W. Allport put it, “we can be both half sure but loyal with all our heart.” The possibility that my conscience is wrong implies the possibility that another's conscience may be right. This entails humility and humility. If I want to seek meaning, I must be sure that there is meaning. If, on the other hand, I cannot be sure that I will find him, I must be tolerant. This does not in any way imply any kind of indifference. To be tolerant does not mean joining the beliefs of another. But this means that I recognize the right of another to believe in and obey his own conscience.
It follows from this that the therapist should not impose values ​​on the patient. The patient must be directed to his own conscience. And if they ask me - as they often ask - whether such neutrality should be maintained even towards Hitler, I will answer in the affirmative, because I am convinced that Hitler would never have become what he became if he had not suppressed his voice conscience.
It goes without saying that in the event of extreme danger, the therapist should not be attached to his neutrality. In the face of suicidal risk, it is perfectly legal to intervene, because only a faulty conscience can command a person to commit suicide. This statement is consistent with my belief that only a faulty conscience can order a person to commit murder, or, to mention Hitler again, genocide. But in addition to such an assumption, the Hippocratic oath itself will force the doctor to deter the patient from committing suicide. I personally happily accept responsibility for being directive by offering a life-affirming worldview when working with a suicidal patient.
As a rule, the therapist will not impose this or that worldview position on the patient. The logotherapist is no exception. No logotherapist will claim to have the answers. After all, not a speech therapist, but a "serpent" "said to the woman:" You will be like God who knows good and evil. " No speech therapist will pretend that he knows what is valuable and what is not, what makes sense and what does not.
Redlich and Friedman Such accusations of logotherapy are all the less understandable that even the search for meaning is a problem confined to the field of noogenic neuroses, which accounts for only 20 percent of the cases that pass through our clinics and receptions. And hardly any problems of meanings and value conflicts are touched upon in the technique of the paradoxical intention-aspect of logotherapy. created to work with psychogenic neuroses.
Not a logotherapist, but a psychoanalyst, quoting again the International Journal of Psychoanalysis Indeed, we logotherapists are convinced and, if necessary, convince our patients that there is a meaning waiting to be realized. But we do not pretend that we know what the meaning is. The reader may notice that we have arrived at the third principle of logotherapy — along with free will and the pursuit of meaning — toward the meaning of life. In other words, we are convinced that life has a meaning - the one that a person is looking for all the time - and also that a person has the freedom to undertake the realization of this meaning. But what is our assumption that life is and remains meaningful in any case? The ground I mean is not moralistic, but completely empirical in the broadest sense of the word. It is enough for us to turn to how a person from the street actually experiences meanings and values, and translate this into scientific language. I would say that this is exactly the work that the so-called phenomenology must do. Logotherapy, on the other hand, has the opposite task - to translate what is discovered in this way into simple words so that we can teach our patients how they can find meaning in their lives. This need not be assumed to be based on philosophical discussions with patients; there are other ways to convey to them the belief that life is definitely meaningful. I remember well how, after a public lecture that I was invited to give at the University of New Orleans, a man came up to me who only wanted to shake my hand and thank me. He was truly a "man from the street": he was a road worker who spent eleven years in prison, and the only thing that supported him internally was the book "The Man in Search of Meaning", which he found in the prison library. So logotherapy is not just an intellectual pursuit.
A logotherapist is neither a moralist nor an intellectual. His work is based on empirical, that is, phenomenological, analysis, and the phenomenological analysis of the processes of experiencing values ​​by a simple person from the street shows that a person can find the meaning of life in creating a creative product, or doing a deed, or in experiencing good, truth and beauty, in experiencing nature and culture; or, last but not least, in a meeting with another unique person, with his very uniqueness, in other words, in love. However, the most noble and lofty meaning of life is for those people who, being deprived of the opportunity to find meaning in deed, creation or love, through the very attitude to their difficult situation, which they choose, rise above it and outgrow their own limits. The position they choose is significant - the position that allows them to turn a difficult situation into achievement, triumph and heroism.
If we talk about values ​​in this context, they can be divided into three main groups. I call them creativity values, experience values, and relationship values. This series reflects three main ways in which a person can find meaning in life. The first is what he gives to the world in his creations; the second is what he takes from the world in his meetings and experiences; the third is the position he takes in relation to his plight if he cannot change his plight. That is why life never ceases to have meaning, because even a person who is deprived of the values ​​of creativity and experience still has a meaning in his life, waiting to be fulfilled - the meaning contained in the right to go through suffering without bending.
As an illustration, I want to quote Rabbi E. A. Grolman, who was once called to a woman who was dying of an incurable disease. “How can I cope with thoughts about the reality of death?” She asked. “The rabbi says:“ We spoke to her more than once; as a rabbi, I told her about the concept of immortality as represented in our faith. As an addition, I also mentioned and on the values ​​of the attitude of Dr. Frankl The theological considerations made little impression on the woman, but the values ​​of the relationship piqued her curiosity, especially when she learned that the creator of this concept was a psychiatrist in a concentration camp. This man and his teachings captured her imagination because he knew more than theories about suffering. And then she immediately decided that since she could not avoid suffering, she could choose how to endure her illness. She became a bulwark of strength for everyone around her whose hearts were breaking from pain. At first it was bravado, but over time, the action became more and more meaningful. She told me: "Maybe my only movement to immortality will be the way I meet misfortune. Although my pain is unbearable at times, I achieved an inner peace and satisfaction that I had never known before. "She died surrounded by honor, and she is still remembered in our community as an example of indomitable courage."
It is not my intention to consider the relationship between logotherapy and theology in this context. Let me emphasize that I only mean "destiny that cannot be changed." Accepting suffering for a treatable disease such as an operable cancer makes no sense. This is a peculiar form of masochism, not heroism. A less abstract example may clarify this point. One day I came across an ad formulated as the following poem:
Take without fuss, What fate brings you. But bedbugs are another matter: Turn to Rosenstein!
Richard Trotman, Touching in His Book Review In a sense, the concept of attitude values ​​is broader than the meaning one finds in suffering. Suffering is just one aspect of what I call the "tragic triad" of human existence. This triad is composed of pain, guilt and death. No man can say that he did not fail, that he did not suffer, and that he will not die.
The reader will notice that a third triad is introduced here. The first triad consisted of free will, the will to meaning and the meaning of life. The meaning of life is represented by the second triad - the values ​​of creativity, experience and relationship. And relationship values ​​are subdivided into a third triad — a meaningful attitude toward pain, guilt and death.
Talking about the "tragic" triad should not lead the reader to the idea that logotherapy is pessimistic, as they say about existentialism. Rather, logotherapy is an optimistic attitude towards life, because it teaches that there are no tragic and negative aspects that could not be turned into positive achievements through the attitude we take towards them.
But there are differences in attitudes that a person can take in relation to pain and guilt. In case of pain, a person takes a certain position in relation to his fate. Otherwise, suffering will have no meaning. In the case of guilt, the person takes a position in relation to himself. More importantly, destiny cannot be changed - otherwise it would not have been destiny. A man can change himself, otherwise he would not be a man. The ability to shape and re-shape oneself is the prerogative of human existence. In other words, it is a person's privilege to become guilty, and his responsibility to overcome guilt. As the editor of the prison newspaper San Quentin News wrote to me in a letter, a person "has the ability to transform himself."
No one has given such a profound phenomenological analysis of this transformation as Max Scheler in one of his books. Let us return to the third aspect of the tragic triad of human existence, that is, the frailty of life. A person usually sees only a stubble of transience and does not pay attention to the complete barn of the past. In the past, nothing is irreparably lost, but everything is irrevocably preserved in complete safety and reliability. Nobody and nothing can deprive us of what we keep in the past. What we have done cannot be redone. This increases the responsibility of the person. In the face of the frailty of life, he is responsible for using opportunities for actualizing potencies, realizing values ​​- be it the values ​​of creativity, experience or relationship. In other words, a person is responsible for what he does, whom he loves and how he suffers. If he has realized the value, if he has realized the meaning, then he has realized it once and for all.
Let's return now to the common man on the street and the businessman. The first evaluates the success of the second as in a certain "dimension" lower in comparison with the one who was able to turn the judgment of fate into an achievement. The "multidimensional" anthropology discussed above can help us understand what higher and lower mean. Usually, in his daily life, a person moves in a dimension, the positive pole of which is success, and the negative pole is failure (see the figure on p. 304). This is the dimension of a competent person. Homo sapiens. But Homo patiens, a suffering person who, through his human nature, is able to rise above his suffering and take a position in relation to it, moves in a dimension, so to speak, perpendicular to the previous one, in a dimension whose positive pole is fulfillment, and the negative pole is despair. A person, even if he strives for success, does not depend on his fate, which admits or does not admit success. A person, through the attitude he chooses, is able to find and realize meaning even in a hopeless situation. This fact is understandable only in a multidimensional approach, which assigns values ​​of attitude to a higher position than values ​​of creativity and experience. Relationship values ​​are the highest possible. The meaning of suffering — only inevitable suffering — is, of course, the deepest of all possible meanings.
Rolf Eckartsberg conducted a study on the adaptability of its graduates at Harvard University. As a result, it turned out that among 100 people who graduated from the university twenty years earlier, a significant part survived the crisis. People complained that their lives were aimless and meaningless, despite the fact that they were quite successful in their professional work as lawyers, doctors, surgeons, and (last but not least) psychoanalysts, like we can guess; they also did not experience setbacks in family life. They were engulfed in an existential vacuum. In our diagram, they should be placed at the point "instance vac.", Below success and to the right of despair. The phenomenon of despair, despite success, can only be expressed within two independent dimensions.
On the other hand, there is a phenomenon that can be called fulfillment despite failure. It is located in the upper left corner and is named "SQ", after the name of the San Quentin prison, because it was there that I met a person who testified in favor of my claim that meaning can be found in life literally at the last moment, in the face of of death.
I was invited to visit the editor of the San Quentin News at the California State Prison, who was himself a prisoner of that prison. After he published a review of my book in the newspaper, it was decided that he should meet with me. This interview was broadcast on the radio in jail cells to thousands of prisoners, including death row. One of them, who was to be executed in the gas chamber four days later, was asked to specifically say a few words. How should I have done this? Referring to personal experience gleaned from another place where people were also sent to the gas chambers, I expressed my conviction that life either makes sense, and in this case, this meaning does not depend on its duration, or it does not make sense in such a case. case it would be pointless to continue it.
Then I turned to Tolstoy's story The Death of Ivan Ilyich. In this way, I wanted to show the prisoners that a person can rise above himself, grow above himself - even at the last moment - and in this way make sense even in a lost past life. Would you believe that the conversion was accepted by the prisoners? Later, from a letter from the administrator of the California State Prison, I learned that "an article in the San Quentin News describing Dr. Frankl's visit won first place in the Southern Illinois University's Prison Journalism Competition. It received top marks in a representative group of over than 150 American correctional institutions. " When I congratulated the winner of the competition in my letter, he replied that "the recording of our conversation was widely circulated in prison, but that criticism was expressed like that it is" good in theory, but in life everything is different. " Then he told me the following: "I am going to write an editorial sketch based on our present situation, on our immediate difficulties, showing that this is indeed the case in life."
Let's learn a lesson from both San Quentin and Harvard. People sentenced to life imprisonment or to death in a gas chamber have the opportunity to "triumph", while those who are successful can be "desperate." Two American authors have studied the psychology of concentration camp inmates. How did they interpret what these prisoners had to go through? How is the meaning of this suffering described when projected into the dimension of analytic and dynamic psychologism? “The prisoners,” writes one of the authors, “have regressed to a narcissistic position. Torture ...” - what do you think could be the meaning that the prisoners could draw from suffering under torture? Listen: "The torture they were subjected to had for them an unconscious sense of castration."
Even if we agree that the research material is representative, it is obvious that the meaning of suffering cannot be understood within the framework of a purely analytical and dynamic interpretation.
In conclusion, let us listen to a man who should know this better than psychoanalytic theories - a man who was a prisoner of Auschwitz as a child and came out as a boy: Yehuda Bacon, one of Israel's leading artists, once published the following memoirs of his experiences during the first period after being released from a concentration camp: "I remember one of my first impressions after the war; I saw a funeral procession with a huge coffin and music, and I began to laugh:" Why are they crazy that they are making such a fuss about one corpse? "When I was at a concert or in a theater, I calculated in my mind how long it would take to gas a given number of people, how many clothes, gold teeth would be left, how many bags of hair it would take." It's about the suffering of Yehuda Bacon. Now, about their meaning: “As a boy, I thought:“ I will tell them what I saw, in the hope that people will change for the better. ”But people did not change and did not even want to know. Much later I understood the meaning of suffering. It can have meaning if it changes you for the better. " Existential Vacuum: The Challenge of Psychiatry
Having talked about what meaning is, let us now turn to people who suffer from feelings of meaninglessness and emptiness. More and more patients complain of what they call "inner emptiness", which is why I called this state "existential vacuum". In contrast to the ultimate experience, so well described by Maslow, the existential vacuum can be considered an "experience of the abyss."
The etiology of the existential vacuum seems to me to follow from the following facts. Firstly, in contrast to an animal, no motives and instincts tell a person what to do. Secondly, in contrast to past times, no conventions, traditions and values ​​tell him what to do. And often he does not even know what he essentially wants to do. Instead, he wants to do what others do, or does what others want him to do. He, so to speak, contributes to conformism and totalitarianism; the first is more typical for the West, the second for the East.
An existential vacuum is a phenomenon that amplifies and spreads at the same time. Even Freudian psychoanalysts admit, as they did recently at an international meeting in West Germany, that more and more patients are suffering from a lack of content and purpose in life. Moreover, they admit that this state of affairs explains the cases of "endless psychoanalysis", since the psychoanalytic couch becomes the only content of life for the patient. Of course, Freudian psychoanalysts do not use the logotherapeutic term "existential vacuum" that I proposed more than ten years ago.
They also do not use logotherapeutic techniques to overcome this phenomenon. However, they acknowledge its existence.
The existential vacuum not only intensifies, but also spreads. For example, a Czechoslovak psychiatrist, in an article on existential frustration, points out that the existential vacuum makes itself felt in communist countries as well. How can we cope with an existential vacuum? We can assume that we should maintain a sound philosophy of life in order to show that life really makes sense for everyone.
However, Sigmund Freud scornfully rejected philosophy as just one of the most decent forms of sublimation of repressed sexuality. In an American magazine, you can read: "Never in world history has there been a country so preoccupied with sex as America today." Ironically, this is a quote from Esquire. Be that as it may, if this is true, it supports the hypothesis that the average American is more than others gripped by existential frustration and therefore seeks sexual overcompensation. In this light, the results of an impromptu statistical study conducted among my students at the University of Vienna Medical School are understandable, which showed that 40% of Austrian, West German and Swiss students experienced an existential vacuum on their own experience. Among American students who attended lectures, this figure was not 40, but 81%.
The main manifestations of existential frustration - boredom and apathy - have become a challenge to education, as well as psychiatry. As it was said, in the era of existential vacuum, education should not be limited and satisfied with the transfer of traditions and knowledge, it should improve a person's ability to find those unique meanings that are not affected by the collapse of universal values. This ability of a person to find the meaning contained in unique situations is conscience. Therefore, education must provide a person with the means to discover meanings. Instead, however, education often contributes to an existential vacuum. The feeling of emptiness and meaninglessness among students is often heightened by the way they see scientific advances, namely reductionism. The mechanical theory of man and the relativistic philosophy of life are being introduced into the consciousness of students.
A reductionist approach to a person reifies him, that is, seeks to treat a person as if he were just a res, a thing. However, in the words of William Irwin Thompson, I remember well what happened in me when I encountered reductionism as a thirteen-year-old student. A science teacher once told us that ultimately life is nothing but a process of oxidation, oxidation; I jumped to my feet and said: "Professor Fritz, if this is so, then what is the meaning of life?" We can say that in this case we are dealing with an example of not just reductionism, but with oxidation to complete erosion, to rust.
In this country, many leading educators are preoccupied with the boredom and apathy of the students. For example, Edward D. Eddy and two collaborators studied twenty representative colleges and universities in the United States, interviewed hundreds of administrators, faculty, and students; in his book, he concludes that “in almost every college or university, from California to New England, student apathy has been a topic of conversation. It’s the topic most often mentioned in our conversations with both teachers and students.” But how to handle with a specific case of existential vacuum, not from the point of view of prevention, but therapeutically? Is the existential vacuum a disease that needs treatment? Can we agree with the assertion of Sigmund Freud, which he once made in a letter to Princess Bonaparte: "When someone asks about the meaning or value of life, he is sick" In fact, the erroneous interpretation of the existential vacuum as a pathological phenomenon is the result of its projection from the noological space into the psychological plan. According to the second law of dimensional anthropology and ontology, this procedure threatens with diagnostic ambiguity. The difference between existential despair and emotional distress disappears. It becomes impossible to distinguish between spiritual suffering and mental illness.
An existential vacuum is not a neurosis. Or if we consider it a neurosis, then it is a sociogenic, even iatrogenic neurosis, that is, a neurosis caused by a doctor who pretends to treat him. How often the doctor explains and rejects the patient's concern for the ultimate meaning of life in the face of death, understanding this "ultimate concern" as the fear of castration. It will be a relief for the patient to learn that he does not have to worry about whether life is worth living, but must instead face the fact that his Oedipus complex has not yet been resolved. No doubt such an interpretation amounts to a rationalization of existential despair.
In this context, I like to refer to a professor at the University of Vienna, who came to see me because he doubted the meaning of life. It soon became clear that he suffered from endogenous depression, which, in accordance with traditional European therapy, is somatogenic. But the most remarkable thing was that doubts haunted the patient not during the depressive phases, but only during the time when he was healthy. During the depressive phases, he was too busy with his hypochondriacal complaints to care about the meaning of life. We are faced here with a case where existential despair and emotional upset are mutually exclusive. So it is hardly justifiable to regard the existential vacuum as simply "another symptom" of neurosis.
At the same time, not being a consequence of neurosis, the existential vacuum may well be its cause. In such cases, we are talking about noogenic neurosis as opposed to psychogenic and somatogenic. We define noogenic neurosis as one that is caused by a spiritual problem, a moral or ethical conflict, such as, for example, the conflict between the "Superego" and the true conscience, when the latter is necessarily opposed to the former. Last but not least, noogenic etiology can be represented by an existential vacuum, existential frustration, or frustration of the will to meaning.
James Crumbaugh created the Life Purpose Test to distinguish between noogenic neuroses and conventional neuroses. Together with Leonard Maholik. Along with this empirical confirmation, a statistical study of the prevalence of noogenic neuroses was carried out. Werner Since the existential vacuum has already led to a noogenic neurosis, it goes without saying that a doctor must treat it. In my homeland and in many other countries, psychotherapy cannot be practiced by a person without medical education. Of course, this also applies to logotherapy. It is clear that those aspects of logotherapy that are not related to the treatment of the disease, be it noogenic, psychogenic or somatogenic neurosis, are available to representatives of other consulting professions. There is no reason why a clinical psychologist, social worker, pastor, priest or rabbi could not offer advice to people who are looking for meaning in life or have doubts about the meaning of life: in other words, people who are trapped in an existential vacuum. With this in mind. The Argentine Association for Existential Logotherapy, founded in 1954, created one section for psychiatrists and another for those without a medical degree.
The search for the meaning of life in itself is not a pathological phenomenon. As for young people, it is their prerogative: not to take it for granted that there is meaning in life, but to dare to think about it. And when we want to offer first aid in the event of an existential vacuum, we must start with this belief. There is no reason to be ashamed of existential despair, as if it were an emotional disorder; it is not a neurotic symptom, but a human achievement. First of all, it is a manifestation of intellectual sincerity and honesty.
However, if a young person wonders about the meaning of life, he must have patience - enough patience to wait for the meaning to arise in his mind.
How one can bring relief in such cases by inviting the patient to consider the case objectively is shown in the following excerpt from a recorded dialogue with a twenty-five-year-old patient. For several years he suffered from anxiety states. For the last three years he has been undergoing psychoanalytic treatment. Now he turned to the waiting room of the neurological department of the polyclinic hospital for help, and after one of the doctors in my group introduced him to me, he told me that life often seemed meaningless to him. He was disturbed by a recurring dream in which this experience of the complete meaninglessness of life manifested itself. In these dreams, he was among the people whom he begged to solve his problem, to free him from this situation. He asked them to release him from the anxiety that his life was in vain. But they just continued to enjoy their life - food, sunshine, everything that life offered them. When he described this dream to me, the following dialogue occurred:
They enjoyed life without thinking about it at all, so to speak?
And I am tormented by doubts about the meaning of my life.
And what are you trying to do to help yourself? Sometimes music brings relief to me: I play or listen. After all, Bach, Mozart and Haydn were deeply religious people, and while enjoying music, I enjoy the fact that at least its creators had the happiness of being fully convinced that there is a deeper and even ultimate meaning in human existence.
So if you don't believe in that meaning yourself, do you at least believe in these great believers? P: You are right, doctor.
Isn't it the task of the great religious and ethical leaders to mediate between values ​​and meanings, on the one hand, and a person, on the other? Thus, a person has the opportunity to receive from the hands of the genius of humanity, whether it be Moses, Mohammed or Buddha, to receive from them what he cannot acquire himself in every case. You see, in the realm of science, our reason may be enough. As for beliefs and beliefs, we often have to rely on other people, trust those who are more significant than us, and accept their insights. In search of the ultimate meaning, a person mainly relies on emotional, and not only on intellectual resources, as we know; in other words, he must believe in the ultimate meaning of being. Moreover, this belief must be mediated by belief in someone, as we see. But let me ask you a question: if music touches you to the depths of your being and plunges you into tears, as it happens at times, is it true? Do you also doubt the meaning of your life, or at these moments you do not have such a question?
At this time, such a problem does not occur to me at all.
Correctly. But could it not be that just at such moments, when you come into contact with beauty, you find the meaning of life, find it in the emotional sphere, without engaging in intellectual searches for it? In moments like this, we don't ask ourselves if there is any meaning in life; if we ask, then the triumphant "yes" to being cannot but break out of the depths of our being. It is worth, as we feel, to live, even if we live only for this unique experience.
I understand and agree; of course, there are moments in my life when I do not reflect, and then the meaning is simply there. I even experience a kind of union with being, you can say that it is similar to the experience of closeness to God, as the great mystics told about it.
Be that as it may, it can be said that then you feel close to the truth, and we can believe that truth is also an aspect of the divine. Look at the wall above me: you will see the logo of Harvard University, and it says veritas, which means "truth"; but you may also notice that this word is divided into three syllables, distributed over three books, and this can be understood to mean that the complete truth is not a universal truth, because it is not available to everyone. One should be content with access to one aspect of the complete truth. Moreover, this applies to God, in relation to whom truth itself is nothing more than an aspect.
But I am interested in what to do when I am seized with the experience of emptiness, emptiness of all values ​​and meanings, when the beauty of art and the truth of science are alien to me.
I would say that you should not get so attached to great souls who have found meaning, but you should also appeal to those who have sought it in vain. You've probably read those philosophers who, like the French existentialist Jean-Paul Sartre or the late Albert Camus, apparently suffered from the same doubts as you, but turned them into a philosophy, albeit a nihilistic one. You can address your doubts by establishing a distance between them and yourself. What worried you will now look like this or that paragraph on a certain page of a certain volume of this or that author. You will see that suffering from these problems is something human, something honest, an achievement, not a neurotic symptom. You will see that there is nothing to be ashamed of, rather you can be proud of this - your intellectual honesty. You will learn to understand your problem not as a symptom, but as an essential aspect of the human condition in which you are involved. You will feel like a member of an invisible society, a society of suffering people suffering from the deepest experience of the meaninglessness of human existence and at the same time fighting to solve the eternal problems of humanity. This suffering and this struggle truly unite you with the best representatives of humanity. So try to be patient and courageous — patient in leaving problems unresolved for a while, courageous in not giving up the struggle to resolve them in the end.
So you, doctor, do not think that my condition is just a neurosis that needs to be overcome? F: If this is a neurosis, then I would say that it is a collective neurosis of our day, which can only be healed at a collective level. If you look at things in this way, then your suffering is suffering that affects humanity as a whole, at least its most sensitive and susceptible representatives: you take on their suffering! P: I am not afraid of suffering, as long as it makes sense. F: Neither your search for meaning, nor doubts about the meaning of your life are pathological. This is the right of youth. A truly young person never accepts the meaning of his life as given in advance, he has the courage to doubt it. I would like to say that you should not be discouraged about your despair. You can take this despair as evidence of what I usually call "the will to make sense." And in a certain respect, the very fact of your will to meaning justifies your belief in meaning. As the famous Austrian writer Franz Werfel once said, "thirst is the best proof of the existence of water." He meant that a person could not feel thirsty if there was no water in the world. And do not forget the words of Blaise Pascal: "The heart has its reasons, which are unknown to the mind." Sometimes the wisdom of the heart is deeper than what the mind offers. And sometimes the most reasonable thing is not to try to be too reasonable.
This is exactly what I found for myself: sometimes, to make it easier for me, I just need to turn to those things that await me.
At the outset, I argued that sexual pleasure can serve as a means of escape from existential frustration. In those cases when the will to meaning is frustrated, the will to pleasure turns out to be not only its derivative, but also its replacement. The will to power serves a similar and parallel purpose. Only if the initial concern for the realization of the meaning is frustrated, a person strives for pleasure or is satisfied with power.
One of the forms that the will to power takes is what I would call the pursuit of money. The desire for money explains a lot about occupational overactivity, coupled with sexual overactiveness, which serve to escape the awareness of an existential vacuum. If the desire for money prevails, the desire for meaning is replaced by the desire for means. Money, instead of being a means, becomes an end. They cease to serve any purpose.
What, then, is the meaning of money, or having money? Most of the people who own money are in fact themselves at the mercy of money, seized with the desire to increase it, and thus destroy its meaning. Having money should mean that a person is in a favorable position. A person may not pay attention to money, to means, but think about the goals themselves, the goals that money can serve.
The president of an American university once offered me nine thousand dollars to work in his department for several weeks. He could not understand my refusal. “Do you want more?” He asked. “No way,” I replied, “but if I start thinking about how to use nine thousand dollars, then I will come to the conclusion that there is only one decent way - to buy time to work. But now I have time to work, so why would I sell it for nine thousand dollars? " Money is not an end in itself. If the dollar can be more useful and meaningful in someone else's hands, I shouldn't keep it in my wallet. This has nothing to do with altruism. Altruism and selfishness are outdated alternatives. As I said, the moralistic approach must give way to an ontological one, in which the good and the bad are defined in terms of what contributes to and what hinders the realization of meaning, regardless of whether it is my meaning or someone else's.
For those people who yearn to have money, as if it could be an end in itself, time is money. They show a desire for speed. For them, a faster car becomes a goal in itself. This is a defense mechanism, an attempt to avoid collision with an existential vacuum. The less a person is aware of the goal, the sooner he tries to drive. The famous Viennese comedian Quotlinger, playing the role of a bully, got on a motorcycle and sang: "True, I do not know where I am going, but wherever I go, I will try to get there as soon as possible."
This is an example of what I would call centrifugal leisure as opposed to centripetal. Centrifugal leisure predominates today. Running away from yourself avoids the possibility of finding emptiness in yourself. Centripetal leisure makes it possible to solve problems and see them first. People rushing between professional hyperactivity and centrifugal leisure have no time to think over their thoughts. When they start thinking, a secretary comes to sign something, or they need to answer a phone call. What happens during this is described by the psalmist: "Even at night his heart admonishes him." Today we can say that existential problems return at night. The conscience reminds of them. This is the source of what I would call noogenic insomnia. People suffering from it often use sleeping pills. They do fall asleep, but they also pay tribute to the pathogenic effects of repression-repression, not of the sexual facts of life, but of its existential facts.
We need new types of leisure activities that will give us the opportunity to contemplate and reflect. For this, a person must have the courage to remain alone.
Ultimately, the existential vacuum is a paradox. If only we expand our horizon, we will see that we are using freedom, but we are not fully aware of our responsibility. Otherwise, we would understand that there are many meanings waiting for us to implement them in relation to less privileged people or underdeveloped countries.
Of course, we should start by expanding the concept of human uniqueness. It is about the uniqueness of not only man, but also the uniqueness of mankind.
Thousands of years ago, humanity created monotheism. The next step is needed today. I would call it monanthropism. Not faith in one God, but awareness of one humanity, the unity of humanity. Unity, in the light of which the difference in skin color becomes insignificant. Criticism of pure "communication": how humanistic is "humanistic psychology".
At the present time, it seems that for psychology the most necessary is for psychotherapy to acquire a human dimension, a dimension of human phenomena. Therefore, it is pertinent to question whether this step was actually taken by the direction that received the name of the movement "humanistic psychology". Although it was claimed that logotherapy "joined" this movement, in reality, the concept of communication-meeting was drawn from existentialist rather than psychological literature. It was introduced by Martin Buber, Ferdinand Ebner and Jacob L. Moreno, whose contribution to existentialist thought is to interpret existence as co-existence, co-existence. In this context, communication-meeting is understood as the relationship between "I" and "You" - a relationship that by its very nature can be established only at the human and personal level.
But the fact is that in this view something is missing, nothing more and nothing less than a whole dimension. This can be understood by recalling the theory of language proposed by Karl Buhler. He distinguished three functions of the language. First, language enables the speaker to express himself, that is, it serves as a means of self-expression. Secondly, language is the appeal addressed to the speaker to whom he is speaking. And thirdly, language always represents something, that "something" about which a person speaks. In other words, when someone speaks, he a) expresses himself, b) addresses “to” someone else; however, if he does not speak at the same time "about" something, then it is not justified to call this process "language". In this case, we will be dealing with a kind of pseudo-language, which is really nothing more than a way of expressing ourselves (and which sometimes even lacks an appeal to a partner). There are schizophrenics whose conversation can be interpreted as such a "language" expressing only mood, but devoid of any appeal to reality *.
What is true for language also applies to coexistence and communication-meeting, since here also the third aspect of inter-human and interpersonal communication must be considered and taken into account. It is for this aspect that the phenomenology of Brentano and Husserl created the term "intentional referent". Nor should it be underestimated or forgotten that self-transcendence means striving not only for a meaning that awaits fulfillment, but also for another person who can be loved. Without a doubt, love goes further than communication-meeting, since communication-meeting is carried out on a human level, and love - on a personal level. Communication-meeting in the broadest sense of the word makes us realize a partner as a person, while love for him shows us more, his essential uniqueness. This uniqueness is the fundamental characteristic of personal being. Self-transcendence is equally present, whether a person surpasses himself in the realization of meaning or in communication-meeting, in love: in the first case, an impersonal logos is involved, in the second - a personal, so to speak, embodied logos.
In contrast to the traditional notion of communication-meeting developed by Buber and Abner, the conventional notion offered by much of the literature in the field of humanistic psychology is still tied to an outdated psychology, which is really a monadology: viewing a person as a monad without windows that would allow self-transcending relationship. Therefore, the concept of communication-meeting is vulgarized. It is mechanistic rather than humanistic, and thus it appears that the social group movement is still tied to what Peter R. Hofstetter of the University of Hamburg once aptly called "libido hydraulics."
The following case can be a glaring example. The woman in the social group was very agitated and full of anger at her ex-husband, whom she divorced. The leader of the group suggested that she blow a balloon with a blow to give vent to her aggression and anger. In other words, the balloon was supposed to replace the real object, namely her husband. However, it can be said in the same way that the purpose of what she "gave herself out" was to make the balloon a substitute for the woman herself as the subject of this explosion. After all, the goal was to prevent her from "exploding." After “reacting by action,” she might feel relieved. But are we entitled to accept that the relief after the alleged release of the aggression that the person is talking about is a genuine experience? What proves that it is not rather the result of unintentional suggestion, the suggestion of an antiquated idea of ​​a person's perfect mechanicalness? "Reacting by action" did not change anything: all the subjective grounds for anger remained in place! In fact, a person is primarily concerned with whether he has reason to be angry, and only by side-own emotions, whether it be anger or some other reaction that he shows. But the mechanistic concept of a person, which underlies therapeutic procedures like the one described above, forces the patient to view himself from the point of view of the "libido hydraulics" acting in him, and thereby forget that, in the end, a person can also do something. then with the given situation; he can take a certain position and even develop some kind of attitude towards his own emotions, aggression, etc. This "human potential" in the best sense should be given a central place in a truly humanistic idea of ​​a person. A therapeutic practice based on such a theory could strive to make the patient increasingly aware of this potential: the freedom of a person to change something in the world for the better, if possible, and change himself for the better, if necessary. Returning to the case of the divorced woman, why not choose an attitude called "reconciliation", whether it be reconciliation with her husband, if possible, or, if necessary, reconciliation with the fate of a divorced woman, and then turn this predicament into an excuse to achieve human level! Do we not deprive our patient of the opportunity to rise above the situation, to grow beyond it, to turn negative experiences into something positive, constructive, creative, do we not block such an opportunity for the patient if we force him to believe in what the neurotic is already inclined to believe , namely, that he is a pawn, a victim of external influences and internal circumstances? Or, again referring to our example, suggesting to our patient that she depends on her husband, who will or will not reconcile with her, depends on aggression, which manifests itself or not and finds a way out in, say, that she will pierce the balloon?
Or let us take, for example, not anger, but sadness and ask ourselves what should be the reaction of a person who mourns a loved one and who is offered a tranquilizer: “Closing our eyes to reality does not mean destroying it. To fall asleep and not be aware of the death of the one I love, - does not mean to destroy the fact that he is dead. The only thing I care about is whether he is alive or dead, and not whether I am oppressed or not! " In other words, a person does not care about whether he is happy or unhappy, but about whether he has reason to be happy or unhappy. Wilhelm Wundt's system has been criticized for being "a psychology without a psyche, a soul." This is a thing of the past long ago, but what I would call "psychology without logos" still takes place - a psychology that interprets human behavior not as caused by the foundations of the world, but as arising from reasons operating in its own psyche. (or in his catfish). But, as I said, reasons are not the same as subjective reasons. If you are depressed and drink whiskey, it may cause your depression to dissipate, but the reasons for this depression remain. The same applies to tranquilizers, which cannot change a person's fate or return what he has lost. But again: why not change attitudes, turn difficult circumstances into an occasion for achievement on a human level? Of course, there is no place for anything like this in psychology, which separates a person from the world, a world only in which his actions can have grounds and in which even his suffering can make sense. Psychology, which considers a person as a closed system in which dynamic interactions are played out, and not as a being striving for a meaning that crowns his existence, must necessarily deprive a person of the ability to turn tragedy into triumph.
Difficulties arise with the concept of aggression, whether it is a biological concept, according to Konrad Lorenz, or a psychological one, according to Sigmund Freud. These concepts are inappropriate and inadequate because they completely deny intentionality as a human phenomenon. In fact, within the limits of my soul there is no such thing as aggression, seeking a way out and forcing me, her "victim", to seek objects that would serve for her "reaction." On the human level, that is, as a human being, I do not have a fixed amount of aggression to then direct it to a suitable target; in reality I am doing something different: I hate! I hate someone or something. Of course, hating something is more meaningful than hating someone (the creator or "owner" of what I hate), because if I don't personally hate him, I can help him overcome what I hate about him ... I can even love him, despite the fact that I hate about him. Be that as it may, hatred, like love, is a human phenomenon in contrast to aggression; they are human because they are intentional: I have reason to hate something, and I have reason to love someone. In contrast, aggression is causal. These reasons can be psychological or physiological in nature. As for the latter possibility, it is enough to recall the classic experiments of Hess, in which he caused aggression in cats by stimulating certain centers of the brain.
What an injustice it would be to assume that those who joined the Resistance movement against National Socialism were engaged only in "acting out" their aggressive impulses, which were accidentally directed against Adolf Hitler. In reality, most of them did not intend to fight a man named Adolf Hitler, they fought a system called National Socialism.
Today, aggression has become a widespread - not to say fashionable - topic for congresses and conferences. More importantly, the so-called "research for peace" is also engaged in aggression. However, I believe that this "research for peace" is doomed to failure if it relies on this non-human and non-personal concept. Of course, there are aggressive impulses in man, whether we interpret them as a legacy inherited from pre-human ancestors, or as something reactive in the spirit of psychodynamic theories. However, at the human level, aggressive impulses never exist in a person per se, but always as something in relation to which he must take a certain position, in relation to which he constantly takes a certain position, whether he chooses to identify himself with them or to separate himself from them. In this case, the personal attitude to impersonal aggressive impulses is significant, and not the impulses themselves.
Suicidal impulses are analogous to this. It makes no sense, for example, to measure them. Ultimately, the risk of suicide does not depend on the strength of the suicidal impulses in a person, but on his reaction to these impulses, and his reaction, in turn, depends, in fact, on whether he sees something meaningful in saving life, even if it brings pain ... Of course, there is also a test that does not pretend to measure suicidal impulses as such, but assesses an incomparably more important factor - personal attitude towards them. I developed this test in the early thirties, and in English I first described it in the book "Physician and Soul" "Research for Peace" is concerned, one might say, with the survival of humanity as a whole. But they are harmed by the fatalism that comes from focusing on aggressive impulses instead of resorting to the human ability to take a stance toward them. Thus, aggressive impulses turn into alibis, into an excuse for hatred. A person will not stop hating as long as he is taught that hate is created by impulses and mechanisms. But he himself hates this! More importantly, the concept of "aggressive potential" leads people to believe that aggression can be channeled. In fact, the behavioral studies of Konrad Lorenz's group have shown that attempts to divert aggression towards unimportant objects and respond to it with safe actions only provoke and usually intensify it. The difference between aggression and hate is similar to the difference between sex and love. I am attracted to my partner by a sexual urge. On a human level, I love my partner because I feel I have many reasons for this; the sexual act is an expression of love, its, so to speak, "embodiment". On a subhuman level, I would see a partner, obviously, only as an object of libido cathection - more or less a suitable means to get rid of excess sperm. Sexual interaction with this attitude is often characterized by our patients as "masturbating on a woman." In saying this, they implicitly oppose this to the normal attitude towards the partner on the human and personal level: here the partner is seen not as an "object", but as another subject. This excludes a person's relationship to another as only a means to achieve any goal. On the human level, a person does not "use" a person, people meet, find each other as people. On a personal level, a person finds a person, and this is love for a partner. Communication-meeting preserves the person's vision in the partner; love reveals his uniqueness as a person.
True meeting-communication is based on self-transcendence, not just self-expression. In particular, true communication-meeting transcends itself to the Logos. The pseudo-meeting, on the other hand, is based on "dialogue without logos." As for those who want to be cared for so much, the trouble is that in the existing conditions you have to pay for this, and it is not difficult to imagine how much sincere interest can be shown those who take on "caring" without being bound by professional ethics, without proper training or therapy. At a time when hypocrisy in sexual matters is so disgusting, you should not still call sexual promiscuity sensitivity or meeting. Compared to those who serve sex under the guise of sex education, nudist marathons, and the like, the honesty of an ordinary prostitute can be appreciated: she does not pretend to do her business for the good of humanity, whose troubles, as many authors want to make us believe, are contained in bad orgasm and should be healed accordingly. It is true that we often fail to live up to the ideals of our professional ethics; however, in the end, failing is an integral part of the human condition. But if we fail, we certainly won't be proud of it. The fact that an exception to a rule sometimes happens does not justify turning an exception into a rule.
However, the current cult of intimacy is understandable. As Irwin Yale pointed out, it is to this purpose that the "group" lends itself. Here, however, we must deal not only with therapy, but also with the symptom. After all, "incontinence" can be a defect on a mental level as well as a somatic one. On the somatic one, take at least cases of arteriosclerosis, when the patient starts laughing or crying for a completely inappropriate reason and cannot stop. Similar to this is another symptom, which also indicates impaired brain function - the lack of a sense of interpersonal distance, as is observed in certain cases of epilepsy: the patient immediately enters into a familiar relationship and cannot stop telling you intimate details of his life or asking you about yours.
So, the movement of groups of communication and education of sensitivity is reduced to a reaction to social and emotional alienation. But responding to a problem should not be confused with solving a problem. Even if the "reaction" turns out to be healing, it is a cure for symptoms, a palliative. Worse, such treatment can exacerbate the disease. The emotions in question cannot be intentionally evoked. They elude "hyperintense" as I call it. Nowhere is this more evident than in the experience of happiness: happiness must arise and cannot be caused. Happiness has to appear on its own, and we have to let it appear. Conversely, the more we make it a goal, the less opportunity we have to achieve it. My student, who undertook an independent study of communication groups, told what happened to him at one of them: "Many asked me to be their friend. I did not feel sincere, hugging them and saying that I love them and will be their friend, but I I did it all one way or another. I forced myself to be emotional, but in vain: the more I tried, the more difficult it was. "
We must reckon with the fact that there are manifestations that cannot arise upon demand, command or order. The reason is that they cannot be called voluntarily: I cannot "willingly" believe; I cannot "willingly" hope; I cannot "willingly" love; and least of all I can "of my own free will" want, want. Attempts to do all of this reflect a completely manipulative approach to such human phenomena as faith, hope, love and desire. This manipulative approach, in turn, is explained by the error of objectification and reification of these phenomena. To understand this better, let us consider what I would call the main characteristic of any subject, namely the fact that the subject - through his self-transcendence or intentional cognitive acts - is always in relation to his own objects, that is, "intentional referents "to which his cognitive acts are directed. To the extent that the subject turns into a simple thing ("reification") and, thus, himself turns into an object ("objectification"), - to the same extent, his own authentic objects must disappear, so that his quality of the subject is completely lost ... This is true not only for a person as a whole, but also for any particular human phenomenon: the more we reflect on him, the more we lose sight of his "intentional referent".
Relaxation also eludes any attempt to "produce" it. This was fully taken into account by J. H. Schultz, who systematized relaxation exercises. It was very wise of him to suggest to patients during these exercises to imagine that their hands are becoming heavy; this automatically created relaxation. If he ordered the patients to relax, their tension would increase as they intensely and deliberately tried to relax. It is no different with the therapy of feelings of inferiority: the patient never succeeds in overcoming it through direct effort. To get rid of the feeling of inferiority, he must go, so to speak, bypassing, for example, visiting certain places, despite the feeling of inferiority, or doing his job despite this feeling. As long as he directs his attention to the feeling of inferiority in himself and "fights" with it, he continues to suffer from it; however, as soon as he focuses on something other than himself, such as a task, feelings of inferiority will begin to atrophy.
Paying too much attention to something I call "hyperreflexia." It is similar to hyperintension in that both can produce neurosis. And in fact, both can be strengthened in the "group". The patient is encouraged to observe himself carefully and to look after himself - more importantly, the group members encourage him to endlessly discuss with them everything he can get out of himself. A suitable term for what happens here might be "re-discussion". And this "re-discussion" increasingly replaces the meaning of life, which today is so often absent, which is lacking for those of our patients who are trapped in an "existential vacuum" One cannot but agree with what Charlotte Buehler says Psychotherapy and Religion
Religion is one of the phenomena encountered by logotherapy in a person, his patient. In principle, for logotherapy, religiosity and irreligiosity are coexisting phenomena, and logotherapy must take a neutral position in relation to them. After all, logotherapy is one of the areas of psychotherapy, and only doctors are entitled to practice it, at least according to the Austrian law on medical practice. A logotherapist who, like all doctors, has taken the Hippocratic Oath, for this reason alone, should be concerned that his logotherapeutic methodology and technique are applied to any patient, believer or non-believer, and can be used by any doctor, regardless of his worldview. In other words, for logotherapy, religion can only be an object, but not the ground on which it stands. Considering medicine as this soil, we now turn to the distinction between it and theology, which, in our opinion, can be outlined as follows.
The goal of psychotherapy is the healing of the soul, the goal of religions is the salvation of the soul. If, however, religion, according to its original orientation, is of little concern and concern for such things as recovery or prevention of diseases, nevertheless, according to its results, not intentionally, it has a psychohygienic, even psychotherapeutic effect. This is due to the fact that it gives a person an unprecedented opportunity that he is not able to find anywhere else: the opportunity to strengthen, to establish himself in the transcendent, in the absolute. In psychotherapy, we can also record a similar unintended side effect, since we observe in individual cases that the patient in the course of psychotherapy comes back to the long-lost sources of original, subconscious, repressed religiosity. However, although this happens, the doctor has no right to set himself such a goal. Indeed, in this case, the doctor unites with the patent on the basis of a common belief and acts on this basis, but by doing so, he does not treat him as a patient from the very beginning.
If we want to determine the relationship of the human to the divine, that is, to the superhuman dimension, then a comparison with the golden ratio suggests itself. As you know, in it the smaller part refers to the larger one in the same way as the larger part refers to the whole. Isn't this the attitude of an animal to a man and a man to God? As you know, the animal has only the environment, while the man "has the world" (Max Scheler); however, the human world relates to the superworld in the same way that the habitat of an animal relates to the human world. And this means that just as an animal, being in its environment, is not able to understand a person and his world, so a person cannot have an idea of ​​the superworld.
Take, for example, a monkey being given a painful injection to obtain serum. Can a monkey understand why he has to suffer? Based on her environment, she is not able to understand the considerations of a person who subjects her to his experiments. The world of man, the world of meaning, is inaccessible to her, it is incomprehensible to her, she cannot enter this dimension. Should we not assume that in an even higher dimension there is another world incomprehensible to man, in which only his sufferings acquire a sense-super-meaning?
Psychotherapy should also not tread on the ground of belief in divine revelations. After all, the recognition of the existence of such revelations in general already implies a choice in favor of faith. It is useless to argue with an unbeliever, saying that revelations exist: if he were convinced of this, he would have long been a believer.
But although religion is "just" an object for logotherapy, it is at least very important to it for one simple reason: logos in logotherapy implies meaning. Human being always strives beyond itself, always strives towards meaning. Thus, the main thing for human existence is not pleasure or power and not self-realization, but rather the realization of meaning. Therefore, logotherapy is talking about "striving for meaning."
If psychotherapy considers the phenomenon of faith not as a belief in God, but as a broader belief in meaning, then, in principle, it has the right to include the phenomenon of faith in the sphere of its attention and engage in it. Here she is at one with Albert Einstein, for whom to ask the question about the meaning of life is to be religious.
In any case, we can say that logotherapy, which nevertheless refers primarily to psychotherapy and thus to psychiatry, medicine, has the right to engage not only in the pursuit of meaning, but also in the pursuit of the ultimate meaning, super-meaning, as I usually call it. Religious faith is ultimately a belief in a super-meaning, a hope in a super-meaning.
Of course, this our understanding of religion has very little to do with confessional narrow-mindedness and its consequence, religious myopia, in which God is seen as a being for whom, in essence, one thing is important: that as many people as possible believe in him. Moreover, exactly in the manner prescribed by a certain denomination. I just can't imagine God being so petty. But I also cannot imagine that it would make sense for the church to require me to believe. After all, I cannot want to believe, want to love, I cannot force myself to love, just as I cannot force myself to hope without twisting my soul. There are things that cannot be wanted and which therefore cannot be organized on demand, by order. Here's a simple example: I can't laugh on command. If someone wants to make me laugh, they have to work hard and tell me a joke.
It is the same with love and faith: they cannot be manipulated. These are intentional phenomena that arise when the subject content adequate to them is highlighted.
I was once interviewed by a journalist from the American Time magazine. She asked if I saw a tendency to move away from religion. I said that there is a tendency to move away not from religion, but from those beliefs that do not seem to be doing anything other than fighting each other and enticing believers from each other. Does this mean, the journalist asked, that sooner or later we will come to a universal religion? On the contrary, I replied, we are moving not towards a universal, but towards a personal, deeply personalized religiosity, through which everyone can communicate with God in their own, personal, intimate language.
Of course, this does not mean that there will no longer be any common rituals and symbols. After all, there are many languages, but don't many of them share a common alphabet? One way or another, the diversity of religions is like the diversity of languages. No one can say that his language is superior to other languages: in any language a person can come to truth, to a single truth, and in any language he can be mistaken and even lie. Likewise, through any religion, he can find God, the only god.
Modern man is threatened by the assertion of the meaninglessness of his life, or, as I call him, an existential vacuum. So when does this vacuum manifest itself, when does this so often latent vacuum manifest itself? In a state of boredom and apathy. And now we can understand the entire relevance of Schopenhauer's words that humanity is doomed to forever swing between the two extremes of desire and boredom. Indeed, boredom today poses more problems to us - both patients and psychiatrists - than desires and even so-called sexual desires.
The problem of boredom is becoming more and more urgent. As a result of the second industrial revolution, so-called automation is likely to lead to a huge increase in the average worker's free time. And the workers won't know what to do with all this free time.
But I see other dangers associated with automation: one day, a person in his self-understanding may be under the threat of assimilating himself to a thinking and counting machine. At first he understood himself as a creature - as if from the point of view of his creator, God. Then came the machine age, and man began to see the creator in himself - as if from the point of view of his creation, the machine: I'homme machine, as Lametrie believes. Now we live in the age of a thinking and counting machine. In 1954, a Swiss psychiatrist wrote in the Vienna Neurological Journal: "The electronic computer differs from the human mind only in that it operates largely without interference, which, unfortunately, cannot be said about the human mind." Such a statement carries the danger of a new homunculism. The danger is that one day the person may misunderstand himself again and be interpreted again as "nothing but". According to the three great homunculisms - biologism, psychologism, and sociologism - man was "nothing but" automatic reflexes, multiple drives, a mental mechanism, or simply a product of an economic system. In addition, there was nothing left for the man, for the man who was called "paulo minor Angelis" in the psalm, thus placing him just below the angels. The human essence turned out to be non-existent, as it were. We must not forget that homonculism can influence history, at least it has already done so. It is enough for us to remember that not so long ago the understanding of man as "nothing but" a product of heredity and the environment, or "Blood and Earth", as it was later called, pushed us to historical cataclysms. In any case, I believe that there is a straight path from the homunculist image of man to the gas chambers of Auschwitz, Treblinka and Majdanek. The distortion of the human image under the influence of automation is still a distant danger. Our, medical, task is not only to recognize and, if necessary, treat illness, including mental illness and even those related to the spirit of our time, but also to prevent them whenever possible, therefore we have the right to warn of impending danger.
Before my existential frustration, I said that a lack of knowledge about the meaning of existence, which alone can make life worthwhile, can cause neuroses. I have described what is called unemployment neurosis. In recent years, another form of existential frustration has intensified: the psychological crisis of retirement. They should be dealt with by psychogerontology or gerontopsychiatry.
It is vitally important to be able to direct someone's life towards a goal. If a person is deprived of professional tasks, he needs to find other life tasks. I believe that the first and main goal of psychohygiene is to stimulate the human will for the meaning of life by offering a person such possible meanings that are outside his professional sphere. Nothing helps a person to survive and maintain health like knowing a life task. Therefore, we understand the wisdom of Harvey Cushing's words, quoted by Percival Bailey: "The only way to prolong life is to always have a task in progress." I myself have never seen such a mountain of books waiting to be read that rises on the table of the ninety-year-old Viennese professor of psychiatry, Joseph Berger, whose theory of schizophrenia provided so much for research in this area many decades ago.
The spiritual crisis associated with retirement is, more precisely, the constant neurosis of the unemployed. But there is also a temporary, recurrent neurosis - depression, which causes suffering to people who begin to realize that their lives are not meaningful enough. When every day of the week turns into Sunday, a sense of existential vacuum suddenly makes itself felt.
As a rule, existential frustration does not manifest itself, existing, usually in a veiled and hidden form, but we know all the masks and images by which it can be recognized.
In the case of a "disease with power," the frustrated will to meaning is replaced by a compensating will to power. The professional work that the executive gets involved in really means that his obsessive enthusiasm is an end in itself that leads nowhere. What the old scholastics called "terrible emptiness" exists not only in the realm of physics, but also in psychology; a person is afraid of his inner emptiness - an existential vacuum and runs away from it into work or pleasure. If the will to power takes the place of his frustrated will to meaning, then it may be economic power, which is expressed by the will to money and is the most primitive form of the will to power.
The situation is different with the wives of executives who suffer from a "disease of power." While executives have too many things to do to catch their breath and be alone with themselves, the wives of many executives often have nothing to do and have so much free time that they don’t know what to do with it. They also find themselves at a dead end when faced with existential frustration, only for them it is associated with excessive alcohol consumption. If husbands are workaholics, then their wives develop dipsomania: they flee from inner emptiness to endless parties, they develop a passion for gossip, for playing cards.
Their frustrated will to meaning is thus compensated not by the will to power, as in their husbands, but by the will to pleasure. Naturally, it can also be sex. We often point out that existential frustration leads to sexual compensation and that sexual frustration is behind existential frustration. Sexual libido thrives in an existential vacuum.
But, besides all of the above, there is another way to avoid inner emptiness and existential frustration: driving at a breakneck speed. Here I want to clarify a widespread misconception: the pace of our time, associated with technological progress, but not always a consequence of the latter, can only be the source of physical illness. It is known that in recent decades, far fewer people have died from infectious diseases than ever before. But this "death deficit" was more than offset by fatal traffic incidents. However, on a psychological level, the picture is different: the speed of our time is not, as is often believed, the cause of disease. On the contrary, I believe that the high pace and rush of our time is rather an unsuccessful attempt to heal ourselves of existential frustration. The less able a person is to determine the purpose of his life, the more he accelerates its pace.
I see an attempt, under the noise of engines, as a vis a tergo of a rapidly developing motorization, to remove the existential vacuum from the road. Motorization can compensate not only for the sense of meaninglessness of life, but also for the feeling of banal inferiority of existence. Doesn't the behavior of so many motorized parvenus remind us of what animal psychologists call impression-seeking behavior?
What makes an impression is often used to compensate for feelings of inferiority: social scientists call this prestigious consumption. I know a great industrialist who, as a patient, is a classic case of a power sick person. His whole life was subject to one single desire, for the satisfaction of which he, exhausting himself with work, ruined his health - he had a sports plane, but he was not satisfied, because he wanted a jet plane. Accordingly, its existential vacuum was so great that it could only be overcome at supersonic speed.
We spoke, from the standpoint of psychohygiene, about the danger that nihilism and the homunculist image of man pose in our time; psychotherapy can eliminate this danger only if it saves itself from becoming infected with the homunculist image of a person. But if psychotherapy understands a person as just a being that is perceived as "nothing but" the so-called id and superego, moreover, on the one hand, "controlled" by them, and on the other hand, striving to reconcile them, then the homunculus, which is a caricature of what a person is will be saved.
Man is not "controlled", man makes decisions himself. Man is free. But we prefer to talk about responsibility instead of freedom. Responsibility presupposes that there is something for which we are responsible, namely, for the fulfillment of specific personal requirements and tasks, for the awareness of the unique and individual meaning that each of us must realize. Therefore, I consider it incorrect to speak only about self-realization and self-actualization. A person will realize himself only to the extent that he performs certain specific tasks in the world around him. So not per intentionem, but per effectum.
We consider the will to pleasure from a similar standpoint. Man fails because the will to pleasure contradicts itself and even opposes itself. We are convinced of this every time, considering sexual neuroses: the more pleasure a person tries to get, the less it achieves. And vice versa: the more a person tries to avoid trouble or suffering, the deeper he sinks into additional suffering.
As you can see, there is not only the will to pleasure and the will to power, but also the will to meaning. We have the opportunity to give meaning to our life not only by creativity and experiences of Truth, Beauty and Kindness of nature, not only by familiarizing ourselves with culture and knowing man in his uniqueness, individuality and love; we have the opportunity to make life meaningful not only by creativity and love, but also by suffering, if we, no longer able to change our fate by action, take the right position in relation to it. When we can no longer control and change our destiny, then we must be ready to accept it. We need courage to creatively define our destiny; we need humility to deal properly with suffering associated with an inevitable and unchanging fate. A person experiencing terrible suffering can give his life meaning by the way he meets his fate, taking upon himself suffering, in which neither active existence nor creative existence can give life value, and experiences - meaning. The right attitude to suffering is his last chance.
Thus, life, right up to the last breath, has its own meaning. The possibility of realizing the right attitude towards suffering - what I call attitude values ​​- lasts until the very last moment. Now we can understand the wisdom of Goethe, who said: "There is nothing that cannot be ennobled by an act or suffering." We add that suffering worthy of a person includes an act, a challenge and an opportunity for a person to gain the highest achievement.
In addition to suffering, the meaning of human existence is threatened by guilt and death. When it is impossible to change what as a result of which we were guilty and incurred responsibility, then guilt as such can be rethought, and here again everything depends on how ready a person is to take the right position in relation to himself - sincerely repent of what he did. (I do not consider cases where the deed can be somehow redeemed.)
Now with regard to death - does it cancel the meaning of our life? In no case. As there is no history without end, so there is no life without death. Life can make sense whether it's long or short, whether a person has left children behind him or died childless. If the meaning of life lies in procreation, then each generation will find its meaning only in the next generation. Consequently, the problem of finding meaning would simply be passed on from one generation to the next, and its solution would be constantly postponed. If the life of a whole generation of people is meaningless, then isn't it pointless to try to perpetuate this meaninglessness?
We see that any life in each situation has its own meaning and keeps it until the last breath. This is equally true for the life of healthy and sick people, including the mentally ill. The so-called life unworthy of life does not exist. And even behind the manifestations of psychosis there is a truly spiritual personality, inaccessible to mental illness. The disease affects only the ability to communicate with the outside world, but the essence of a person remains indestructible. If this were not so, then there would be no point in the activities of psychiatrists.
When I was in Paris for the First Congress of Psychiatry seven years ago, Pierre Bernard asked me as a psychiatrist whether idiots could become saints. I answered in the affirmative. Moreover, I said that due to the inner attitude, the terrible fact in itself of being born an idiot does not mean that it is impossible for this person to become a saint. Of course, other people and even we psychiatrists are hardly able to notice this, since mental illness blocks the very possibility of external manifestations of holiness in sick people. God only knows how many saints hid behind the antics of idiots. Then I asked Pierre Bernard if it was intellectual snobbery to doubt the very possibility of such transformations? Doesn't such doubts mean that in the minds of people the holiness and moral qualities of a person depend on his IQ? But then is it possible, for example, to say that if the IQ is below 90, then there is no chance of becoming a saint? And one more consideration: who doubts that a child is a person? But can't an idiot be considered an infantile person who remained in his development at the level of a child?
Therefore, there is no reason to doubt that even the most miserable life has a meaning, and I hope that I was able to show it. Life has an unconditional meaning, and we need unconditional belief in that. This is most important in times like ours, when a person is threatened by existential frustration, frustration of the will to meaning, existential vacuum.
Psychotherapy, if it comes from the correct philosophy, can only have unconditional faith in the meaning of life, any life. We understand why Waldo Frank wrote in an American journal that logotherapy lent credibility to the widespread attempts to supplant the unconscious philosophies of Freud and Adler by conscious philosophy. Modern psychoanalysts, especially in the United States, have already understood and agreed that psychotherapy cannot exist without a concept of the world and a hierarchy of values. It becomes more and more important to bring the psychoanalyst himself to the realization of his often unconscious ideas about a person. The psychoanalyst must understand how dangerous it is to leave this unconscious. In any case, the only way for him to do this is to realize that his theory is based on a caricatured image of a person and that it is necessary to correct it.
This is what I tried to do in existential analysis and logotherapy: not replace, but supplement the existing psychotherapy, make the original image of a person a holistic image of a true person, including all dimensions, and pay tribute to the reality that belongs only to a person and is called "being".
I understand that you can reproach me for the fact that I myself created a caricature of the person who suggested correcting. Perhaps you are partly right. Perhaps, indeed, what I was talking about was somewhat one-sided and I exaggerated the threat posed by nihilism and homunculism, which, it seemed to me, constitute the unconscious philosophical basis of modern psychotherapy; perhaps, indeed, I am hypersensitive to the slightest manifestations of nihilism. If so, please understand that I have this hypersensitivity because I had to overcome this nihilism in myself. Perhaps that is why I am able to detect him wherever he is hiding.
Perhaps I see a speck in someone else's eye so clearly because I wept a log out of my own, and therefore, maybe I have the right to share my thoughts outside the walls of my own school of existential introspection.
